#ident	"@(#)portmgmt:tty_settings/Help	1.5.2.1"

ABSTRACT:
	The subcommands in the "tty_settings" menu provide functions
	for managing TTY line settings.
	This menu includes such subtasks as creating new TTY settings 
	and hunt sequences, displaying the settings, and removing 
	the settings.
	Currently there is no modify task. However, a TTY setting can be 
	modified by first removing it and then adding the entry back with 
	the modifications.

ttylabel:Ttylabel
	Ttylabel is a label associated with a speed and tty definition.
	The definition tells ttymon at what speed to initially run,
	what initial tty settings to use, and what speed to try next 
	should the user indicate the speed is inappropriate.

autobaud:Autobaud
	If autobaud is enabled, the line speed will be determined
	automatically when the user types <carriage return>.
	If autobaud is not enabled, speed hunting will be used to
	cycle through the hunt sequences. Currently autobaud can
	only recognize baud rates 110 1200 2400 4800 and 9600.

baudrate:Baud rate
	Press [CHOICE] to see a list of valid baud rates.

nextlabel:Nextlabel
	The nextlabel specifies a ttylabel that will be tried when
	the current baudrate is incorrect.

iflag:Initial line settings
	The initial line settings for a ttylabel specify the terminal
	line characteristics that take effect when a user first accesses
	a port with that ttylabel. These settings remain in effect 
	until the service associated with the port is executed.
	The settings must be in the same format as the arguments to the
	stty command. 

fflag:Final line settings
	The final line settings for a ttylabel specify the terminal
	line characteristics that take effect just before the
	system starts the service associated with a port with a given
	ttylabel. The settings must be in the same format as the 
	arguments to the stty command.

add:ABSTRACT:
	The "add" task adds new line setting entries to /etc/ttydefs.

list:ABSTRACT:
	The "list" task checks and lists hunt sequences.
	It also provides detailed listings for individual line settings.

remove:ABSTRACT:
	The "remove" task removes line setting entries from /etc/ttydefs.
	If the entry removed was part of a hunt sequences, adjustments 
	should be made to other entries in the sequence to maintain a
	proper sequence.

