#ident	"@(#)portmgmt:port_services/Help	1.3.2.1"

ABSTRACT:
	The subcommands in the "port_services" menu provide functions
	for managing port services provided by port monitors.
	It includes such subtasks as adding, disabling, enabling,
	listing, modifying, and removing port services.

+----------------------------------+
|  Common port service information  |
+----------------------------------+

pssvctag:Service Tag
	Service tag is a unique tag that identifies the service.
	The tag may consist of up to 14 alphanumeric characters,
	and must be unique within the port monitor.

psstate:Port/Service State
	The service can be in either ENABLED or DISABLED state.
	The default state is ENABLED.

psutmp:Creating utmp
	Create utmp?
	If "Yes" is selected, a utmp entry will be created for the
	service when invoked. The default is "No".

psid:Identity
	The identity field represents the identity under which the
	service should be started. It must be in the form of a 
	login name as it appears in /etc/passwd (e.g. root).

psversion:Version
	Version number refers to the version number of the port 
	monitor's database file.

psscript:Configuration Script
	This is the full path name of the file that contains the
	per-service configuration script. The content of this file
	will be copied to the service configuration script file.
	Later changes to the named file have no effect.

pscomments:Comments
	This is used to specify comments that should be associated with
	the service entry. This comment will be displayed when 
	information about the port service is requested. It is not used
	by the system.

psmodules:Modules
	The modules field is a list of pushable 
	module names separated by commas.
	After popping all modules already on the stream, 
	the modules are pushed in the order they are specified.

+-------------------------------+
|  ttymon specific information  |
+-------------------------------+

tmdevice:TTY Device
	TTY device field is used to specify the TTY device associated
	with the service. Full path name must be entered.

tmlabel:Ttylabel
	Ttylabel field specifies which ttylabel in the /etc/ttydefs
	file to use for setting the initial termio settings.

tmcmd:Service Command
	The service command field specifies the full command line of
	the service to be invoked when the connection is successful.

tmhflag:Hangup Flag
	If hangup is selected, a hangup on the line will be forced
	by setting the speed to zero before initializing the line.

tmcflag:Connect-on-carrier Flag
	If connect-on-carrier flag is set, the ttymon will immediately
	invoke the service when a carrier-indication has been received.
	This flag should only be set if the baud rate is known and 
	no prompting is necessary.

tmbflag:Bidirectional Flag
	If bidirectional flag is set, outgoing calls are allowed on
	this port in addition to incoming calls. Also if this flag
	is set, by default the wait-read flag is also set and the
	wait-read count is set to 0.

tmrflag:Wait-read Flag
	If wait-read flag is set, ttymon will wait until N newlines
	have been received, where N is the wait-read count. If 
	N is zero, ttymon will wait for any character before sending
	out the prompt message.

tmwread:Wait-read Count
	Wait read count is the number of newlines ttymon will wait
	before sending out the prompt. If it is zero, ttymon will
	wait for any character. This field is only meaningful if
	the wait read flag is set.

tmtimeout:Timeout
	Timeout is the time interval in seconds for the port to be 
	open and inactive. If nothing is typed for the time period
	after the prompt is sent, the line will be hung up. If timeout
	specified is zero, no timeout will occur.

tmprompt:Prompt Message
	The prompt message is the message that will be displayed, 
	"as is" when a connection is made and the port is in ENABLED
	state. "\\" needs to be escaped, e.g. type "\\\\n" for "\\n".

tmdmsg:Disabled Message
	The disabled-message field specifies the message that will be
	printed when the port/service is disabled. "\\" needs to be 
	escaped, e.g. type "\\\\n" for "\\n".

+---------------------------------+
|  Listener specific information  |
+---------------------------------+

lssvctype:Service Type
	The listener provides two types of services, spawn a service 
	and passing file descriptor to a standing server.
	If "Spawn a service" is specified, the listener will invoke 
	the service specified in the next field. Otherwise, the file
	descriptor established for the connection will be passed through
	the pipe specified in the next field to a standing server.

lscmd:Service Command or STREAMS Pipe
	If the service type specified in the previous field is
	"Spawn a service", a full command line for the service to be
	invoked should be entered here. Otherwise, the full name of
	the pipe for passing file descriptors should be entered.

lsaddr:Server\'s Private Address
	Server's private address is the address that the listener will
	monitor on behalf of the service. The listener will dispatch
	all calls on this address directly to the designated service.
	The address must be valid and not used already.

+-------------------------------------+
|  Port monitor specific information  |
+-------------------------------------+

pspmspec:Port Monitor Specific Information
	This field should contain the full command that will printout
	the port monitor specific information on stdout.

pmtag:Port Monitor Tag
	Port monitor tag is a unique tag that identifies a particular
	port monitor. The tag may consist of up to 14 alphanumeric
	characters.

pmtype:Port Monitor Type
	Port monitor type identifies the type of a port monitor
	(e.g. ttymon, listen, etc.). It may consist of up to 14
	alphanumeric characters.

pmcmd:Command
	The command should be a string representing the command that
	will start the port monitor. Full path name must be specified.

pmcount:Restart Count
	Restart count is the number of times that the port monitor
	will be restarted if it fails before being placed in a failed
	state.

pmstate:Start State
	Start state is the state the port monitor will be placed into
	when it is started. The two valid states are ENABLED and 
	DISABLED. The default state is ENABLED.

pmxflag:Start Immediately?
	Start port monitor immediately?
	If "Yes" is selected, the port monitor will be started 
	automatically. Otherwise, the port monitor will not be started
	and the administrator have to use the "start" task or command
	to start it.

add:ABSTRACT:
	The "add" task adds port services to the system.

disable:ABSTRACT:
	The "disable" task disables port services on the system.
	Connection requests on a disabled port will be denied,
	and the service associated with the port will not be invoked.
	If a disabled message is configured for a port that is
	disabled, the message will be sent out when a connection
	request is received.

enable:ABSTRACT:
	The "enable" task enables port services on the system.
	When a connection request is received, the service associated 
	with the enabled port will be invoked if the port monitor 
	that monitors the port is also enabled.

list:ABSTRACT:
	The "list" task lists port service configuration and status
	information.

modify:ABSTRACT:
	The "modify" task modifies port services on the system.

remove:ABSTRACT:
	The "remove" task removes port services on the system.
	When a port service is removed from a port monitor, 
	it means that the port is no longer monitored by the 
	port monitor and the associated service is no longer 
	available through that port monitor.

psadd_one:Add a Service to a Particular Port Monitor
	This task allows you to add a service to a particular
	port monitor.

psadd_many:Add a Service to All Port Monitors of a Particular Type
	This task allows you to add a service to a particular
	type of port monitor.

	For example, a service can be added to the listeners on
	different network providers using this task.
	This task should NOT be used with port monitor type "ttymon"
	because a port should only be monitored by one ttymon.
