ABSTRACT:

domain:TITLE:Specify a Domain

domain:domain:
	Enter the name of a domain from which you
	want to make a resource available on
	your local system.

list:TITLE:List Remote Resources Mounted via Remote File Sharing

list:curr:
	Choose 'yes' to see the remote resources
	that are currently mounted.

list:auto:
	Choose 'yes' to see the remote resources
	that are mounted automatically when
	Remote File Sharing operation begins.

modify:TITLE:Modifies Automatic/Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via RFS

modify2:TITLE:Modifies Automatic Mounting of a Remote Resource via RFS

modify3:TITLE:Modifies Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via RFS

modify:res:
	Choose the pathname of a directory on the local
	system or the RFS resource name of a remote 
	resource that is currently or automatically
	mounted via RFS.

modify:curr:
	Choose 'yes' to modify how a remote 
	resource is currently mounted.

modify:auto:
	Choose 'yes' to modify how a remote resource
	is mounted automatically when Remote File
	Sharing operation begins.

modify2:mount:
	Enter the pathname of the directory at
	which you want to mount the remote resource.

modify2:acc:
	Choose 'read-only' if you want the resource to
	be readable but not writable by local users.
	choose 'read-write' if you want the resource to be
	readable and writable by local users.

modify2:cache:
	Choose 'no' only if you want your local
	system not to save remote data in between accesses.

modify2:suid:
	Choose 'yes' only if you want remote setuid
	programs to be able to run setuid on your
	system.

modify2:conf:
	Answer "yes" if you want to change how
	local users can use the resource via
	Remote File sharing the next time RFS 
	starts up.  Current use of the resource will
	not be affected by this action.

modify3:mount:
	Enter the pathname of the directory at
	whicn you want to mount the remote resource.

modify3:acc:
	Choose 'read-only' if you want the resource to
	be readable but not writable by local users.
	choose 'read-write' if you want the resource to be
	readable and writable by local users.

modify3:cache:
	Choose 'no' only if you want your local
	system not to save remote data in between accesses.

modify3:suid:
	Choose 'yes' only if you want remote setuid
	programs to be able to run setuid on your
	system.
modify3:conf:
	Answer 'yes' if you want to change how
	local users can use the resource via Remote
	File Sharing.  Later automatic mounts of the
	resource will not be affected by this action.

mount:TITLE:Mount a Remote Resource Automatically/Immediately via Remote File Sharing

mount:res:
	Enter the RFS name of the remote resource that you want to mount.

mount:imm:
	Choose "yes" to mount the resource immediately.

mount:auto:
	Choose "yes" to mount the resource
	automaticaly when Remote File Sharing
	operation begins.

mount:mount:
	Enter the name of the local directory at
	which you want to mount the
	remote resource.

mount:acc:
	Choose "read-write" if you want your users to
	be able to modify the resource.

mount:cache:
	Choose 'no' only if you want to prevent the 
	local system from keeping local copies of the
	data blocks it reads from and writes to the
	remote resource. 

mount:suid:
	Choose 'no"'if you want to prevent remote setuid 
	programs from executing setuid on your local system.

unmnt2:TITLE:Terminates Automatic Mounting of a Remote Resource via RFS

unmnt3:TITLE:Terminates Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via RFS

unmount:TITLE:Terminates Automatic-Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via RFS

unmnt2:ok:
	Answer "yes" if you want the displayed local resource no longer
	to be made available automatically
	to local users via Remote file Sharing.  Current local use
	will not be affected.

unmnt3:imm:
	Answer "yes" if you want local users not to 
	use the remote resource displayed above.  Previously-
	arranged automatic mounting of the resource
	will occur unless you have just discontinued
	automatic mounting of it.  Current access by
	local users systems will not be affected.

unmount:res:
	Choose either the mountpoint or the RFS resource
	name of a remote resource that is currently or
	automatically mounted via RFS.

unmount:imm:
	Choose 'yes' to unmount the remote 
	resource immediately.

unmount:auto:
	Choose 'yes' to stop mounting the resource
	automatically when Remote File Sharing operation
	begins.
