
#ident	"@(#)bnu.admin:Helpdev_a	1.4.1.2"

ABSTRACT:
	The add task allows you to tell your system about devices 
	over which it can initiate communication with other
	systems.  Such devices must be attached to ports that
	support either outgoing traffic only or both incoming
	and outgoing (bidirectional) traffic.  A port that
	supports incoming traffic only can be used by Basic
	Networking to receive messages; such usage does not
	require any device administration.

devcat:Device Category
	To add a direct connection, such as to another computer,
	choose "Direct".  To add either an autodial modem or a
	modem that requires an 801 Automatic Calling Unit, choose
	"Modem".  To add a transport provider (such as STARLAN
	or STREAMS-based TCP) that Basic Networking accesses via
	the Transport Layer Interface Library, choose "Network".
	To add a device from any other category, choose "Other".
	
adial:Modem Type
	Choose the type of modem whose command language is used by your
	modem.  For example, if your modem uses the "atdt" command set,
	choose "hayes".

aport:Port
        Port Numbers are the full PATHNAME of port devices that
        could be used (if not already in use). One or more Port
	Numbers can be specified.

        By specifying the device number, you will also be choosing
        HARDWARE or SOFTWARE flow control.  A tty number with "h"
        designates hardware flow control and with "s" designates
        software flow control.

	tty00s tty00h, tty01s, and tty01h refer to internal ports.

	ttys00 to ttys08 and ttyh00 to ttyh08 refer to the eight
	ports of the first IPC802 or IPC900 Port Controller.  A Streams
	driver will automatically be started by the Quick Terminal
	Setup procedure.  A second IPC802 or IPC900 Port Controller
	will have it's ports numbered from tty[s,h]10 to tty[s,h]18.

	ttyis000 to ttyis016 and ttyih000 to ttyih016 refer to the
	sixteen ports of the first IPC1600 Port Controller.  A clist
	driver will automatically be started by the Quick Terminal
	Setup procedure.  A second IPC1600 Port Controller will
	have it's ports numbered from ttyi[s,h]100 to ttyi[s,h]118.

        s0vt00 to s0vt16 refer to the ports associated with Fiber
	Optic Stations).

adport:Dialer Port	
	Give the name of a special device listed in the /dev/term directory.
	If your modem requires an external device (such as an 801
	Automatic Calling Unit) to dial for it, then give its port here.
	Otherwise, leave this field blank.
	For example, if your modem is attached to the asynchronous ports
	11 and its external dialing device is attached to asynchronous
	port 12, then enter "term/12".

aspeed:Speed
	Enter the speed at which this device is to operate.
	
ndevice:Network Name
	Enter the name by which you want to refer to the network.  A common
	convention is to capitalize the port name.  For example, port
	"starlan" would correspond to network name "STARLAN".
	Note that if your system is a tli network you should add an
	entry in /etc/uucp/Devconfig for the added device.  The Devconfig
	file describes the list of streams modules to push.
	
nport:Port
	Give the name of a special device listed in the /dev directory or
	one of its subdirectories.  For example, the special device used to 
	access a STARLAN network is /dev/starlan, so the port would be 
	"starlan".
	Note that if your system is a tli network you should add an
	entry in /etc/uucp/Devconfig for the added device.  The Devconfig
	file describes the list of streams modules to push.
	
ndial:Dialer type
	Choose "TLIS" to enable Basic Networking to login to remote systems,
	"TLI" otherwise.  Note that avoiding login may weaken the security
	of the remote systems.
	Note that if your system is a tli network you should add an
	entry in /etc/uucp/Devconfig for the added device.  The Devconfig
	file describes the list of streams modules to push.
	
odevice:Device Type
	Enter the name by which you want to refer to the device.
	
oport:Dialer port
	Give the name of a special device listed in the /dev directory
	or one of its subdirectories.  Make an entry here only if the 
	device you are adding does not make its own calls, such as a 
	modem with an 801 Automatic Calling Unit.
	
odport:odport
	Give the pathname relative to the /dev directory.
	
ospeed:ospeed
	Enter a numeric value (possibly prefixed by a single letter), the
	keyword "Any", or no value.  
	A numeric value will be interpreted as the speed (bits per second)
	of the device.  A single-letter prefix may be used to distinguish
	dialers, such as those on the public network from those on a 
	private line network.
	
od1:Dialer
	Enter the value in the "Dialer" field of some line in the
	file /etc/uucp/Dialers.
	
ot1:Token
	Enter the character string that must be sent to the first dialer.

ot2:Token
	Enter the character string that must be sent to the second dialer.
	
ot3:Token
	Enter the character string that must be sent to the third dialer.
	
streams:Streams Modules
	Enter the list of STREAMS modules to be pushed onto a 
	network connection before starting the terminal service.
devices:add_devices
	The devices menu allows you to administer the characteristics
	of the devices used by the Basic Networking Utilities.  A 
	device is specified by giving its type, a particular port, and 
	the speed and dialing procedure to be used on the port.  A device
	is selected for use by Basic Networking based on the device type
	and speed required.  Thus, several devices may have the same
	type or the same speed, and Basic Networking may attempt to 
	connect to a remote system by trying several devices in turn.

polling:add_polling
	The polling menu allows you to administer the times at
	which remote systems are called by the Basic Networking
	Utilities.

systems:add_systems
	The systems menu allows you to manage information that 
	Basic Networking Utilities stores about remote systems.
	This information is necessary for your system and remote
	systems to communicate via mail or uucp.
