#ident	"@(#)bnu.admin:Helsys_a	1.4"

ABSTRACT:
	The add task allows you to tell your system about other 
	systems with which it may communicate.

ssdevcat:System
	Give the node name of the system that you want to contact.
	
sdevcat:Device
	Choose the kind of device that you will use to contact the 
	specified system.  To use either an autodial modem or a modem
	that requires an 801 Automatic Calling Unit, choose "Modem".
	To use a direct connection, such as to another computer, choose
	"Direct".  To use a transport provider (such as STARLAN or        
	STREAMS-based TCP) that Basic Networking accesses via the 
	Transport Layer Interface Library, choose "Network".  To use
	a device from any other category, choose "Other".

time:Time
	Give the time (or days and times) that you want your system
	to call the specified system.  Enter "Any" if your system
	may call at any time during any day of the week.  Enter 
	"Never" if your system should never call the specified system.
	( The other system may still be able to call your system.)
	Enter any of the responses "Su", "Mo", "Tu", "We", "Th", "Fr",
	or "Sa" to indicate a single day on which to call the 
	specified system.  Enter "Wk" to indicate that the specified
	system may be called on any weekday.
	Enter a time ( in 24-hour format, e.g. "0800" ) or a range of 
	times( e.g., "0800-1700" for 8 A.M. till 5 P.M.).  Enter a 
	combination of the above items, separating each day's
	information by commas ( e.g., "Wk 1700-0800, Sa, Su" to 
	indicate any weekday after 5 P.M. but before 8 A.M. and
	anytime Saturday or Sunday).
	
dirdev:Device type
	Give the name of the remote system.  If you have only one 
	directly-connected system and it corresponds to an entry of
	type "Direct" in the file /etc/uucp/Devices, then you may also 
	use the keyword "Direct".
	
dirspeed:Speed
	Choose the speed at which you want to communicate with the other
	system.
	
login:Login
	Enter the user name with which to log into the remote system.
		
passwd:Password
	Enter the password required for the specified login name on the 
	remote system.  Note that anyone with read permission for 
	/etc/uucp/Systems will be able to read any passwords entered 
	here, therefore /etc/uucp/Systems should not be publicly 
	readable.
	
aspeed:Speed
	Choose the speed at which you want to communicate with the other
	system.  If your system has multiple dialing devices for the
	desired speed, then you may prefix the speed with a single letter
	to allow the system to choose the proper device from the file
	/etc/uucp/Devices.
	
phone:Phone number
	Enter the telephone number of the remote system.
	
netwk:Network name
	Enter the name by which the network is known.  The network name
	must be an entry in the first field of /etc/uucp/Devices.

addr:Network address
	Enter the network address of the remote system.
	
othdev:Device type
	Enter the type of the device that you will use to connect to
	the remote system.  The Device type must be an entry in the
	first field of /etc/uucp/Devices.
	
othspeed:Class
	Enter a numeric value (possibly prefixed by a single letter), the
	keyword "Any", or no value.  A numeric value will be interpreted
	as the speed (bits per second) of the device.  A single-letter
	prefix may be used to distinguish dialers, such as those on the
	public network from those on a private line network.
	When a connection is attempted, Basic Networking will choose the
	device to use by matching the Systems and Class fields of lines
	in the Systems files of the /etc/uucp directory.
devices:add_devices
	The devices menu allows you to administer the characteristics
	of the devices used by the Basic Networking Utilities.  A 
	device is specified by giving its type, a particular port, and 
	the speed and dialing procedure to be used on the port.  A device
	is selected for use by Basic Networking based on the device type
	and speed required.  Thus, several devices may have the same
	type or the same speed, and Basic Networking may attempt to 
	connect to a remote system by trying several devices in turn.

polling:add_polling
	The polling menu allows you to administer the times at
	which remote systems are called by the Basic Networking
	Utilities.

systems:add_systems
	The systems menu allows you to manage information that 
	Basic Networking Utilities stores about remote systems.
	This information is necessary for your system and remote
	systems to communicate via mail or uucp.
