#ident	"@(#)nadmin.nfs:remote/nfs/Help	1.1"

modify:TITLE:Modifies Automatic-Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via NFS
modify2:TITLE:Modifies Automatic Mounting of a Remote Resource via NFS
modify3:TITLE:Modifies Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via NFS
list:TITLE:Lists Remote Resources Automatically-currently Mounted via NFS
mount:TITLE:Mounts a Remote Resource Automatically-Immediately via NFS
umount:TITLE:Terminates Automatic-Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via NFS
unmnt2:TITLE:Terminates Automatic Mounting of a Remote Resource via NFS
unmnt3:TITLE:Terminates Current Mounting of a Remote Resource via NFS

list:auto:
	Choose "yes" to see the remote resources
	that are mounted automatically when Network File System
	operation begins.

mount:auto:
	Choose "yes" to mount the resource
	automatically when Network File
	System operation begins.

modify:auto:
	Choose "yes" to modify how a remote resource
	is mounted automatically when Network
	File System operation begins.

mount:retry:
	Choose "background" if you want mounting retries to
	continue in the background.  Otherwise, the
	retries will occur in the foreground, causing
	the mount operation to block until it is
	successful or reaches the maximum number of
	retries allowed.
	
list:curr:
	Choose "yes" to see the remote resources that are currently mounted.

modify:curr:
	Choose "yes" to modify how a remote resource
	is currently mounted.

mount:imm:
	Choose "yes" to mount the resource immediately.

modify:mountpt:
	Choose the pathname of a directory on the 
	local system that is currently or 
	automatically shared via NFS, or
	choose the name of a remote system that
	currently has a resource mounted via
	NFS or from which a resource is
	automatically monted via NFS.

mount:remote_path:
	Enter the full remote pathname of the resource 
	that you want to mount.

mount:mountpt:
	Enter the name of the local directory at which
	you want to make the remote resource available.

mount:security:
	Choose "yes" if you want NFS transactions
	to use a more secure protocol.

mount:server:
	Enter the name of the remote system with
	the resource that you want to mount.

mount:setuid:
	Choose "no" if you want to prevent
	remote setuid programs from executing
	setuid on your local system.

mount:timeout:
	Enter the number of tenths of a second
	that nfs should wait between requests
	while trying to mount a resource.
	
mount:max_rtry:
	Enter the maximum number of times that
	you want the mount operation to be retried.

mount:access:
	Choose "read-write" if you want your users
	to be able to modify the resource.

mount:remount:
	Choose "yes" only if you want to mount "read-write"
	a esource that is currently mounted "read-only".

modify2:mount:
	Enter the pathname of the directory at which you want
	to mount the remote resource.

modify2:acc:
	Choose "read-only" if you want the resource to
	be readable but not writable by loca lusers.
	Choose "read-write" if you want the resource
	to be readable and writable by local users.

modify2:suid:
	Choose "yes" only if you want remote setuid
	programs to be able to run setuid on your system.

modify2:rmnt:
	Choose "yes" only if you want to mount
	"read-write" a resource that is currently
	mounted "read-only".

modify2:rtry:
	Choose "no" if you want mounting retries to
	continue in the background.  Otherwise, the
	retries will occur in the foreground, causing
	the mount operation to block until it is
	successful or reaches the maximum number of
	retries allowed.

modify2:mtry:
	Enter the maximum number of times that you
	want the mount operation to be retried.

modify2:timeo:
	Choose "yes" if you want each access to 
	return an error if the server does not
	respond (a "soft" mount).
	Choose "no" if you want each access to be
	retried until the server responds(a "hard"
	mount).  Normally, directories that are
	mounted read-write are mounted "hard".

modify2:sec:
	Choose "yes" if you want NFS transactions
	to use a more secure protocol.

umount:res:
	Choose either the mountpoint or the server:pathname
	designator of a remote resource
	that is currently or automaticaly mounted
	via NFS.

umount:auto:
	Choose "yes" to stop mounting the
	resource automatically when
	Network File System operation begins.

umount:imm:
	Choose "yes" to unmount the resource
	immediately.

unmnt2:ok:
	Answer "yes" if you want the
	displayed local resource no longer to
	be made available autoaticaly to local
	users via the Network File System.
	current local use will not be affected.

unmnt3:ok:
	Answer "yes" if you want local
	users not to use the remote resource
	displayed above.  Previously arranged
	automatic mounting of the resource
	will occur unless you have just
	discontinued automatic mounting of it.
	Current access by local users systems
	will not be affected.

