#ident	"@(#)bkrs:bkintf.d/backups/bksetup/modify/Help	1.3.2.1"

ABSTRACT: Modify Entries in Backup Table
	The "modify" task allows you to edit an entry in a backup table.
	When you have specified the table and the entry tag, the current
	field values for that entry will be displayed.  You may then modify
	the values of any fields that you wish for the entry.
	
TITLE: Modify Entries in Backup Table

values:
	This display shows the current field values in the entry you want to
	edit.

modify:F1:Table Field
	"Table:"  Enter the path to an existing backup table.  The default
	is the standard system backup table.

modify:F2:Tag Field
	"Tag:"  Enter the tag that identifies the entry you want to edit.
	The tag is a unique identifier that is used to specify the entry
	you want.  The tag you specify must exist in the table you entered
	in the table field.

values:F1:
	"Originating name:"  Enter a nodename (for a file system) or any
	valid pathname (for a data partition) for the object which this
	backup operation will back up.  For a file system, the nodename
	should be the pathname to the normal mount point for the file system.

values:F2:
	"Originating device:"  Enter the path to the raw (character) device
	for the file system or data partition that will be backed up.

values:F3:
	"Destination device:"  Enter the name of the device to be used to
	create the backup archive.  The device name must be an absolute path
	to the physical device to be used.  Either device group or device
	must be specified.

values:F4:
	"Method:"  Enter the method you want this backup operation to use.
	Press [CHOICES] for a list of valid methods.

values:F5:
	"Week(s):"  Enter a list of ranges of weeks in the rotation period in
	which this backup operation is to be run or enter the keyword
	"demand" or the keyword "all".  If you specify "demand", this backup
	operation will only run on demand, that is, when the keyword "demand"
	is specified as the weeks parameter on the backup command.  If you
	specify "all", this operation will run for any week in the rotation
	period.  An example of a list of ranges would be: 1,3-5,7.  This
	specifies that this backup operation will run in the first, third
	through fifth, and seventh weeks of the rotation period.  It will not
	run in the second, sixth, eighth or in any higher week of the
	rotation.

values:F6:
	"Day(s):"  Enter a list of ranges of days in the week on which this
	backup operation will run.  Days are specified as the digits 0
	(=Sunday) through 6 (=Saturday).  For example, to specify that this
	backup operation should take place on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday,
	enter 2,4,6.  You may use the keyword "all" to specify backup
	operations that are to run on every day of the week.

values:F7:
	"Method options:"  Enter the options to be passed to the method
	(if any).

values:F8:
	"Destination characteristics:"  You may enter device characteristics
	to override the defaults for the device in the device table.

values:F9:
	"Destination volume labels:"  Enter a list of volume labels for the
	volumes that will contain the backup archive.  The volumes will be
	used in the order in which you specify them here.  If the number of
	volumes specified here is insufficient to contain the entire backup,
	the backup operation will fail unless the operator has the privilege
	to override label checking.

values:F10:
	"Priority:"  Enter the priority (from 0 to 100) for the backup
	operation represented by this entry.  100 is the highest priority,
	0 the lowest.  A backup operation is not started until all others
	with a higher priority than it has have been started.  All backup
	operations at a given priority may execute simultaneously, except for
	operations at priority 0.  Operations with priority 0 are executed
	sequentially in an unspecified order.

values:F11:
	"Dependencies:"  Enter a list of tags from this table that represent
	backup operations on which this one depends.  This operation will not
	be started until operations on which it depends have finished
	successfully.

values:F12:
	"Originating volume label:"  Enter the volume label (up to 6
	characters) for the originating file system or data partition.  This
	volume label exists for file systems and may exist for a data
	partition.  The label can be displayed or validated for a file system
	but is only externally known (for example, taped on the volume) for
	data partitions.
