#ident	"@(#)bkrs:bkintf.d/backups/bksetup/add/Help	1.5.1.2"

ABSTRACT: Add Entries to Backup Table
	The "add" task allows you to add an entry to a backup table.  If
	the table does not exist, it will be created.
	
	This command only does minimal validation of input values.  To
	assure that the table constructed is consistent and valid, use
	the backup command.

TITLE: Add Entries to Backup Table

add:table:
	"Table:"  Enter the path to the backup table to which you want to
	add an entry.  The table need not already exist, if you are
	creating a new table.

add:tag:
	"Tag:"  Enter an identifier to be used to identify the entry you
	are adding to the table.  Tags must be unique within tables, so
	if this one already exists in the table you will be asked to enter
	a different one.  It is a good idea to make the tag meaningful to
	you so that it will be easy to remember and will represent the
	object being backed up.  An example would be "usrffile" to
	represent a full file backup of the /usr file system or "usrdai"
	to represent the daily backup of the /usr file system.

add:oname:
	"Originating Name:"  Enter a nodename (for a file system) or any
	valid pathname (for a data partition) for the object which this
	backup operation will back up.  For a file system, the nodename
	should be the pathname to the normal mount point for the file
	system.

add:odev:
	"Originating Device:"  Enter the path to the raw device
	for the file system or data partition that will be backed up.

add:ddev:
	"Destination Device:"  Enter the name of the device to be used to
	create the backup archive.  The device name must be an absolute
	path to the physical device to be used.  Either device group or
	device must be specified.

add:method:
	"Method:"  Enter the method you want this backup operation to use.
	Press [CHOICES] for a list of valid methods.

add:week:
	"Week(s):"  Enter a list of ranges of weeks in the rotation period
	in which this backup operation is to be run or enter the keyword
	"demand" or the keyword "all".  If you specify "demand", this
	backup operation will only run on demand, that is, when the keyword
	"demand" is specified as the weeks parameter on the backup command.
	If you specify "all", this operation will run for any week in the
	rotation period.  An example of a list of ranges would be: 1,3-5,7.
	This specifies that this backup operation will run in the first,
	third through fifth, and seventh weeks of the rotation period.  It
	will not run in the second, sixth, eighth or in any higher week of
	the rotation.

add:day:
	"Day(s):"  Enter a list of ranges of days in the week on which this
	backup operation will run.  Days are specified as the digits 0
	(=Sunday) through 6 (=Saturday).  For example, to specify that this
	backup operation should take place on Tuesday, Thursday and
	Saturday, enter 2,4,6.  You may use the keyword "all" to specify
	backup operations that are to run on every day of the week.

add:opt:
	"Additional Options:"  Enter yes if you would like to modify any of
	the following options.

add2:F1:
	"Method Options:"  Enter the options to be passed to the method
	(if any).  Example: "-l -t -v" as they would appear on a shell
	command line format.

add2:F2:
	"Exception list:"  Enter the pathname to an file that lists the
	pathnames of files/directories that are not to be included in the
	backup procedure (only for incfile method).

add2:F3:
	"Destination Characteristics:"  You may enter device
	characteristics to override the defaults for the device in 
	the device table. If you have not entered devic 
	characteristicsin the device table you must enter them here. 

	Example: dtype=dpart,capacity=31000

add2:F4:
	"Destination Volume Label(s):"  Enter a list of volume labels
	for the volumes that will contain the backup archive.  The 
	volumes will be used in the order in which you specify them
	here.  If the number of volumes specified here is insufficient
	to contain the entire backup, the backup operation will fail
	unless the operator has the privilege to override label checking.

add2:F5:
	"Priority:"  Enter the priority (from 0 to 100) for the backup
	operation represented by this entry.  100 is the highest priority,
	0 the lowest.  A backup operation is not started until all others
	with a higher priority than it has have been started.  All backup
	operations at a given priority may execute simultaneously, except
	for operations at priority 0.  Operations with priority 0 are
	executed sequentially in an unspecified order.

add2:F6:
	"Dependencies:"  Enter a list of tags from this table that
	represent backup operations on which this one depends.  This
	operation will not be started until operations on which it
	depends have finished successfully.

add2:F7:
	"Originating Volume Label:"  Enter the volume label (up to 6
	characters) for the originating file system or data partition.  This
	volume label exists for file systems and may exist for a data
	partition.  The label can be displayed or validated for a file system
	but is only externally known (for example, taped on the volume) for
	data partitions.

