#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/classes/Help	1.2.3.1"
ABSTRACT:Manage Classes of Related Printers
	The classes menu gives you several tasks for:  adding new classes;
	displaying the classes currently defined; modifying the list of
	associated printers in a class; and removing classes from the
	system.
	
	Classes allow printers with similar capabilities or physical
	locations to be grouped together.  A request for printing may be
	submitted to a class, in which case the request will be printed
	on the first available printer in that class.  The definitions of
	classes are numerous, including, but not limited to:  all printers
	on this floor, all of a certain type of laser printer, all
	non-impact printers, or all printers that may support a certain
	form.  Naturally, a printer may appear in more than one class.
	
	Classes may also be placed in a reject or accept state like
	printers, but the enabling and disabling of classes is not
	possible.

menu:L1:Add a New Class
	You use the add task to create new classes and to add printers to
	existing classes.  When you first create a class it will be
	necessary to use the accept task to allow it to accept print
	requests.
	
	The order in which you add printers to a class is significant.
	When the Line Printer Service processes a print request queued for
	a class, it will be printed on the first available printer in that
	class.  What this means is that the first printer added to a class
	will take the brunt of the work.  For this reason it may be
	desirable to periodically use the remove task to remove the first
	printer in a class then put it back with the add task.  This will
	tend to distribute the wear over all the printers in the class.
	However, if your printers are usually busy this probably will not
	be a problem.

menu:L2:List Printers in Classes
	You use the list task to examine the configuration of one or more
	classes.  You may want to do this, for instance, if you suspect a
	configuration mistake is causing a problem.
	
	This task will show you the class requested and the printers that
	make up that class.

menu:L3:Modify the Membership of a Class
	You use the modify task to change the printers in a class.  After
	specifying a class, you may add printers to it or remove printers
	from it.

menu:L4:Remove Classes
	You use the remove task to remove a class from the Line Printer
	Service.  You may want to do this if a class is being broken up
	into smaller groups of printers.

add:F1:New class
	You are expected to enter the name of the class you want to create.
	A class name may consist of letters, digits and underscores.

add:F2:Printers
	You are expected to enter the name(s) of a printer to be added to
	this class.  Separate multiple names with a comma.
	
	You may add all of the printers to this class by entering all.

list:F1:Classes
	You are expected to enter the name of the class you would like to
	know about.  Separate multiple names with a comma.
	
	Enter all to get information about all of the classes.

modify:F1:Class Name
	You are expected to enter the name of the class you want to modify.
	A class name may consist of letters, digits and underscores.

modify:F2:Add or remove printers
	Press CHOICES and select add to add printers to the specified class 
	or select remove to remove printers from the specified class.
	
	Another form will be displayed to allow you to enter the names of
	the printers that you want to add or remove.

modify:add:Printers
	You are expected to enter the name(s) of a printer to be added to this
	class.  Separate multiple names with a comma.
	
	You may add all of the printers to this class by entering all.

modify:remove:Printers
	You are expected to enter the name(s) of a printer to be removed from
	this class.  Separate multiple names with a comma.
	
	You may remove all of the printers from this class by entering all.

remove:F1:Remove Classes
	You are expected to enter the name of the class you want to remove.
	Separate multiple names with a comma.
	
	You may remove all of the classes by entering all.
