#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/printers/modify/Help	1.1"
ABSTRACT:
	You use the "add" task to add a new printer to the print service.
	Minimally you'll need to know:

	* the port to which the printer is connected.

	Better service will be provided to you and the users if you also specify:

	* the type of printer (as listed in the Terminfo database--see the System
	Administrator's Guide for help on this);

	* the default page size and print spacing that should be in effect;

	* how you are to be alerted when a problem occurs with the printer;

	* what print wheels, font cartridges, or character sets are available
	on the printer;

	* what forms can be used on the printer;

	* what types of data can be printed by this printer


add:F1:
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer. Names
	must be made up of letters, digits, and underscores.

add:F2:
	You are expected to enter the name of the system
	where this printer is physically connected.

add:F3:
	You may enter the name of a printer that already has been
	added.  The existing printer's configuration will be used
	as a guide for answering the rest of the questions.  If
	there are no printers defined that are similar to this one,
	enter "none".

	
	
conf.lcl:F2:
	You are expected to enter the name of a class of printers to which this
	printer should belong. Classes are used to group similar printers under
	a single name, so that users can pick a class as the destination for
	their print request. This helps when you want to control to some extent
	the printing load on the printers in the class: The printers are
	selected from the class in the order they have been added. Thus the
	first printers in the class will generally be the busiest, and the last
	printers in the class will be the least used.
	
	You don't need to group printers by manufacturer or by similar type
	as the Line Printer Service automatically does that. When user's specify
	the type of files they want to print but don't select a particular
	printer, any printer that will handle the type will be used.
	
conf.lcl:F3:Description of the printer:
	You may  enter a single line of text that will be
	displayed to people whenever they ask for a description of
	the printer.
	
conf.lcl:F4:Printer type:
	You are expected to identify the type of printer this is.
	You must give a name that's known in the Terminfo database;
	you will be told if it isn't.
	
	The printer type is needed if the Line Printer Service is to:
	screen print requests that ask for certain page sizes, print
	spacing, and character sets; verify the default page sizes,
	print spacing, and list of available character sets you give
	later; and properly initialize the printer before printing a
	user's files. You do not have to give a printer type,
	though.
	
conf.lcl:F5:File Types printable without filtering:
	You are expected to identify the types of files the printer
	can handle directly, without filtering. Some printers can accept
	several types because they convert them automatically into a common
	type or in some other way understand the different control
	sequences in each type. You should list all the types the
	printer can handle.
	
	The default type, "simple," refers to a file that contains only
	printable ASCII, spaces, tabs, linefeeds, and backspaces.  If a file
	contains any other control or meta characters, it cannot be of type
	"simple." If the printer can accept "simple" files, give that name
	here.
	
conf.lcl:F6:Can a user skip the banner page:
	Enter "yes" if a user can skip the printing of a banner page before
	his or her request, or "no" if not. It is generally a good idea to
	require the printing of banner pages, because it will help the people
	who have to separate output into individual print-outs for each user,
	unless you have some other means of doing this. There are cases, such
	as the printing of checks, where being able to turn off the banner
	page is important.
	
*****
conf.lcl:F7:
conf.lcl:F8:
conf.lcl:F9:
conf.lcl:F10:
	Use the default page size and printing pitch:
	
	Enter "yes" if you will accept the default pitch and size or don't
	want to change them. Enter "no" if you want to specify the line or
	character spacing (printing pitch) or page size that should be in
	effect when users' files are printed. Note that any defaults you give
	here will be used only if a user does not print on a form or does not
	specify an alternate page size or print spacing.
	
	If you do not specify the defaults, the defaults will be those
	provided by the printer after it has been initialized. Typically this
	is 10 characters per inch, 6 lines per inch, and 80 or 132 columns by
	66 lines, but this is NOT guaranteed. If you aren't sure that the
	defaults will be adequate, enter "yes" and specify them.
*****
	
conf.lcl:F11:Command to run for alerts:
	You are expected to enter: the word "mail" if you want a message
	mailed to you when the printer has a problem; the word "write" if you
	want the message sent to whatever terminal you are logged in to; or
	leave this field blank if you don't want to be reminded. You can also
	give a shell command if you want to be reminded but not by mail or a
	written message, or if you want someone else notified.
	
	For instance, if you want a message written to the user "chris" enter
	the following:
	
	write chris
	
conf.lcl:F12:Frequency of alert (in minutes):
	You are expected to enter the number of minutes that should
	elapse between repeated alerts. To keep you informed that a
	problem still exists, the Line Printer Service will keep issuing
	alerts until the problem has been fixed. Entering "Once" will
	mean you want to be alerted just once.
	
conf.lcl:F13:Printer recovery method:
	You are expected to specify how the Line Printer Service should
	recover after a printer problem has been fixed. Enter
	"continue" if the printer is to continue printing at the top
	of the page where printing stopped. Enter "beginning" if it
	is to start at the beginning again. Enter "wait" if it is
	to leave the printer disabled and wait for someone to enable
	the printer again.
	
	WARNING:
	
	The Line Printer Service requires the use of a filter to provide the ability
	to continue where printing stopped. If a filter capable of this is not
	being used when a printer stops with a problem, then you will be told in the
	alert message printing won't continue where it left off if you had wanted it
	to.
	
conf.lcl:F14:Device or Basic Networking address:
	If this printer is directly connected, you must identify
	which port is used.
	
	If this printer is connected through a network, you must
	specify the dialing instructions to use to connect to the
	printer. The Basic Networking Utilities will be used for
	all network connections. Enter the same argument (a phone
	number or system name) you would give with the "cu" shell
	command to reach the printer. (Don't give any of the "cu"
	options.) You will have to set up the Basic Networking
	configuration for this to work.  (See "Defining the
	Configuration of a Printer" under "Printer Management"
	in the System Administrators Guide.)
	
conf.lcl:F16:Is the printer directly connected:
	Enter "yes" if this printer directly connected to this system.  Enter
	"no" if this printer is connected through a network.
	
conf.lcl:F17:Is the printer also a login terminal:
	Enter "yes" if this printer is also used as a
	login terminal by someone, or enter "no"
	otherwise.

pwheel:ABSTRACT:
	You use this subtask to define the set of print wheels or
	font cartridges that users may request for this printer.

pwheel:F1
	You are expected to enter the list of print wheels or font
	cartridges that are available for this printer. You can
	choose whatever names you want, as long as they are composed
	of letters, digits, and underscores and are 14 characters
	long or less. However, you should use names consistently:
	If another printer has a print wheel or cartridge that is
	similar enough that users won't care about the difference,
	name them the same.

	If you don't list the print wheels or cartridges available
	for this printer, the Line Printer Service will assume that none
	can be used on it. Print requests for a print wheel or
	cartridge not listed here will be refused UNLESS you first
	mount it on the printer. (Giving a list here will not
	restrict you from mounting other print wheels or cartridges
	on the printer.)


charset:ABSTRACT:
	You are expected to list aliases for the character sets defined for this
	printer, mapping each one to a name defined in the Terminfo database for
	this type of printer. You don't have to give a list here, because the Line
	Printer Service will use the list given in the Terminfo database, or will
	use the names "cs0", "cs1", "cs2", etc., as alternatives to real names.
	However, the names given in the Terminfo database may not be consistent
	across all printers, and the names "cs0", etc. are not descriptive, so
	users may be confused.

	You can help avoid this confusion by listing the names you would like
	people to use on your system. If you have a mix of printers of different
	styles, some that take print wheels, some that take font cartridges, and
	some that have selectable character sets, you can give the same names for
	the print wheels, cartridges, and character sets that print sufficiently
	similar.

comm.lcl:F2:
	Enter the baud rate that your printer expects to use.  If you are
	using a parallel port, ignore this field.

comm.lcl:F3:
	You are expected to enter the parity setting for the printer that will
	be connected to this device.

	(For more information, see "parenb" under "stty(1)" in the
	"User's Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F4:
	Enter the number of stop bits the printer expects between characters.

	(For more information, see "cstopb" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F5:
	Character size if the number of bits per character.  USASCII uses 7 bits;
	printing with foreign character sets will often require 8 bits.

	(For more information, see "cs5, cs6, cs7, cs8" under "stty(1)" in
	the "User's Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F6:
	This should be "Y" if your printer drops DTR when a fault occurs.  If
	your printer drop DTR when its buffer reaches capacity, enter "N."

	(For more information, see "clocal" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F7:
	This should be "Y" if your printer expects to use XON/XOFF (DC3/DC1)
	flow control.  Only set this to "N" if you have a fast filter which
	supports a flow control other than XON/XOFF.

	(For more information, see "ixon" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F8:
	This should be set to "N" unless your printer expects to restart
	output with some character other that XON.

	(For more information, see "ixany" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F9:
	Postprocessing of output may include:  delays for certain characters,
	tab expansion, mapping of newline and carriage return, and mapping of
	lowercase to uppercase.  This must be set to "Y" if your printer needs
	any of these features.

	(For more information, see "opost" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F10:
	If your printer will map a newline return to a carriage
	return-newline pair, set this to "N."  Otherwise,  leave this "Y."

	(For more information, see "ocrnl" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F11:
	If your printer is incapable of printing lowercase characters, enter
	"Y."  Otherwise, enter "N."

	(For more information, see "olcuc" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F12:
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	carriage return.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay and 3
	being the maximum delay.

	(For more information, see "cr0, cr1, cr2, cr3" under "stty(1)" in
	the "User's Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F13:
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	newline.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay and 1
	being the maximum delay.

	(For more information, see "nl0, nl1" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F14:
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	backspace.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay and 1
	being the maximum delay.

	(For more information, see "bs0, bs1" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F15:
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	formfeed.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay and 1
	being the maximum delay.

	(For more information, see "ff0, ff1" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F16:
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	vertical tab.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay and 1
	being maximum delay.

	(For more information, see "vt0, vt1" under "stty(1)" in the "User's
	Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F17:
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	carriage return.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay and 2
	being the maximum delay.  If your printer does not support tabs, enter
	"EXPAND" and tabs will be expanded to an appropriate number of spaces.
	.sp
	Note that if the printer expects tabs as part of a control sequence or
	you intend to print binary, graphic images, you probably don't want
	tabs to be expanded.

	(For more information, see "tab0, tab1, tab2, tab3" under "stty(1)"
	in the "User's Referance Manual.")

comm.lcl:F18:
	Any other options not listed in the menu that you wish to supply to
	the stty(1) command should be entered here.

	(For more information, see "stty(1)" in the "User's Referance Manual.")
