#ident	"@(#)nadmin.rfs:setup/rfs/Help	1.2"
setup:set_net:Sets Up Network Support for RFS
	The set task allows you to add (remove) a transport
	provider to (from) the list of transport providers
	that support Remote File Sharing.

setup:set_domain:Sets the Current Domain for RFS
	The set_domain task allows you to set the current RFS
	domain.

setup:addmaster:Adds Domain Name Servers
	The add_nameserver task allows an administrator of the 
	primary name server of an RFS domain to add secondary name 
	servers to appropriate rfmaster files.  The RFS domain to be 
	administered must be the domain of which the local 
	system is currently a member.  If the current domain has 
	no primary name server, then the administrator may add the 
	local system as the primary name server.
	To change the current domain, choose the set_domain task
	on the systems menu.

setup:add_host:Adds Systems to the Domain Password File
	The add_host task allows an administrator of the primary name
	server of an RFS domain to add a system to the domain
	password file.  The RFS domain to be administered must be
	the domain of which the local system is currently a member.
	To change the current domain, choose the set_domain task
	on the systems menu.

setup:uid_map:Sets Up UID Mappings
	The set task allows you to setup some simple
	user id mappings for Remote File
	Sharing.

setup:gid_map:Sets Up GID Mappings
	The set task allows you to setup some simple
	group id mappings for Remote File
	Sharing.

setup:share:Shares Local Resources via Remote File Sharing
	The share menu allows you to make available to remote
	systems selected resources on your local system.  You may
	set up automatic sharing (for sharing local resources with
	remote systems when distributed file system operation
	begins).  Your may also share local resources immediately.
	
setup:mount:Mounts Remote Resources via Remote File Sharing
	The mount menu allows you to make available to local
	users selected resources on remote systems.  You may
	arrange for remote resources to be automatically mounted
	when distributed file system operation begins.  You may
	also cause remote resources to be mounted immediately.
	
setup:start:Starts Remote File Sharing
	The start task allows you to start the operation of
	Remote File Sharing.

