#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/printers/Help	1.2.4.2"
ABSTRACT:
	[GENERAL]
	The "printers" menu gives you several tasks: for adding
	new printers to the print service; for modifying the printer
	configurations; for removing printers; and for listing the 
	printer configurations.
	
	
menu:L1:add
	[GENERAL]
	You use "add" task to add a new printer to the print service.
	Minimally you'll need to know:
	
	* which port the printer is connected to OR how the printer is to
	be reached using the Basic Networking Utilities.
	
	Better service will be provided to you and the users if you also specify:
	
	* the type of printer (as listed in the Terminfo database--see the System
	Administrator's Guide for help on this);
	
	* the default page size and print spacing that should be in effect;
	
	* how you are to be alerted when a problem occurs with the printer;
	
	* what print wheels, font cartridges, or character sets are available
	on the printer;
	
	* what forms can be used on the printer;

menu:L2:list
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "list" task to examine the complete
	configuration of one or more printers. You may want to do
	this, for instance, if you suspect a configuration mistake
	is causing a problem. If you just want a quick status check
	to see what printers are available, use the "status" task, instead.
	
	If you are trying to add a new printer and want to use an
	existing printer as a basis for defining a similar
	configuration, you can use the "list" task to examine it,
	or better yet, just start adding the printer--you will be
	able to specify the name of the similar printer and the Line 
	Printer Service will use it as a configuration template.

menu:L3:modify
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "modify" task to modify the configuration of
	a printer. The same information you gave when you added the
	printer will provide the defaults for each item you are
	asked to respecify, so you can quickly step through the
	configuration to find the item you want to modify.
	
menu:L4:remove
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "remove" task to remove a printer from the
	print service. No more print requests will be accepted for
	it, no more files will be printed on it, and the
	configuration information will be destroyed. However, if
	there are print requests currently queued for the printer,
	you cannot remove it.

add:F1:Printer name:
	[Name of the new printer ...]
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer. Names
	must be made up of letters, digits, and underscores.
	
add:F2:System name:
	[Name of the system ...]
	You are expected to enter the name of the system where
	this printer is physically connected.

add:F3:Printer type:
	[Type of printer ...]
	You are expected to identify the type of printer this is.
	You must give a name that's known in the Terminfo database;
	you'll be told if it isn't.
	
	The printer type is needed if the Line Printer Service is to:
	screen print requests that ask for certain page sizes, print
	spacing, and character sets; verify the default page sizes,
	print spacing, and list of available character sets you give
	later; and properly initialize the printer before printing a
	user's files. You do not have to give a printer type,
	though.
	
add:F4:Similar printer to use for defaults:
	[If this printer is similar to one already added, enter the name ]
	You are expected to enter the name of a printer that already
	has been added. The printer's configuration will be used as
	a guide for answering the rest of the questions.

add:F5:Do you want to use standard configurations?
	[Do you want to use standard configurations? ...]
	Answer "no" if you want to change these configurations:

	Class
	Description of the printer
	Printer type
	File types printable without filtering
	Can a user skip the banner page?
	Default character pitch
	Default line pitch
	Default page width
	Default page length
	Command to run for alerts
	Frequency of alert (in minutes)
	Printer recovery method
	Is the printer also a login terminal?
	Print wheel(s) available for this printer:
	Character Set(s) available for this printer:
	Users who are allowed access to this printer
	Users who are denied access to this printer
	Forms allowed on this printer
	Forms denied on this printer

add:F8:
	[If the printer is directly connected, enter the port to use.]
	If this printer is directly connected, you must identify
	which port is used. The names are typically like
	"/dev/tty01," "/dev/lp," etc., but will depend on the
	configuration of your system.
	
	If this printer is connected through a network, you must
	specify the dialing instructions to use to connect to the
	printer. The Basic Networking Utilities will be used for
	all network connections. Enter the same argument (a phone
	number or system name) you would give with the "cu" shell
	command to reach the printer. (Don't give any of the "cu"
	options.) You will have to set up the Basic Networking
	configuration for this to work.
	

add:F9:
	[Do you want to use standard port settings? ...]
	Answer "no" if you want to change these port settings:
	
	Baud rate
	Parity
	Stop bits
	Character size
	Hangup on loss of carrier
	XON/XOFF output control
	Allow any character to restart output
	Postprocess output
	Map NL to CR-NL on output
	Map lowercase to uppercase on output
	Carriage Return Delay
	Newline Delay
	Backspace Delay
	Formfeed Delay
	Vertical Tab Delay
	Horizontal Tab Delay
	Other options

conf.lcl:F1:'Class:'
	[Class to add it to ...]
	You are expected to enter the name of a class of printers to which this
	printer should belong. Classes are used to group similar printers under
	a single name, so that users can pick a class as the destination for
	their print request. This helps when you want to control to some extent
	the printing load on the printers in the class: The printers are
	selected from the class in the order they have been added. Thus the
	first printers in the class will generally be the busiest, and the last
	printers in the class will be the least used.
	
	You don't need to group printers by manufacturer or by similar type
	as the Line Printer Service automatically does that. When user's specify
	the type of files they want to print but don't select a particular
	printer, any printer that will handle the type will be used.
	
conf.lcl:F2:'Description of the printer:'
	[Enter one line that describes the printer for your users ...]
	You are expected to enter a single line of text that will be
	displayed to people whenever they ask for a description of
	the printer. It's a good idea to keep it short so that it
	will fit across the screen.
	
conf.lcl:F3:'Printer type:'
	[Type of printer ...]
	You are expected to identify the type of printer this is.
	You must give a name that's known in the Terminfo database;
	you'll be told if it isn't.
	
	The printer type is needed if the Line Printer Service is to:
	screen print requests that ask for certain page sizes, print
	spacing, and character sets; verify the default page sizes,
	print spacing, and list of available character sets you give
	later; and properly initialize the printer before printing a
	user's files. You do not have to give a printer type,
	though.
	
conf.lcl:F4:'File types printable without filtering:'
	[Types of files printable without filtering ...]
	You are expected to identify the types of files the printer
	can handle directly, without filtering. If the name of the
	printer type is enough here, then you don't have to
	enter anything. However, some printers can accept several
	types because they convert them automatically into a common
	type or in some other way understand the different control
	sequences in each type. You should list all the types the
	printer can handle.
	
	An important type on UNIX systems is identified by the word
	"simple"; this is a file type often found on UNIX systems
	because the files contain only linefeeds and perhaps tabs
	and backspaces. If the printer can accept "simple" files,
	give that name here.
	
	Separate several names with commas.
	
conf.lcl:F5:'Can a user skip the banner page?'
	[Can a user skip the banner page? ...]
	Enter "yes" if a user can skip the printing of a
	banner page before his or her request, or "no" if
	not. It is generally a good idea to require the printing of
	banner pages, because it will help the people who have to
	separate output into individual print-outs for each user,
	unless you have some other means of doing this. There are
	cases, such as the printing of checks, where being able to
	turn off the banner page is important.

conf.lcl:F6:'Default character pitch:'
	[Characters Per Inch:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the column spacing (character
	pitch) to be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would
	scale the number to columns per inch, a trailing "c" would
	scale it to columns per centimeter; leaving out either
	letter also scales it to columns per inch.
	
conf.lcl:F7:'Default line pitch:'
	[Lines Per Inch:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the line spacing (line pitch) to
	be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would scale the
	number to lines per inch, a trailing "c" would scale it to
	lines per centimeter; leaving out either letter also scales
	it to lines per inch.
	
conf.lcl:F8:'Default page width:'
	[Page width:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the width of the page on which
	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
	either letter means the value is the number of columns.
	
conf.lcl:F9:'Default page length:'
	[Page length:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the length of the page on which
	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
	either letter means the value is the number of lines.
	
conf.lcl:F10:'Command to run for alerts:'
	[Enter a command to run to alert you when the printer faults ...]
	You are expected to enter the type of alert that should be
	issued when the printer has a problem. Enter "none" if you
	don't want to be alerted, otherwise: enter "mail lp" if you
	want mail sent to you; enter "write lp" if you want a message
	written to your terminal; or enter a shell command to be
	run each time an alert is to be made.
	
conf.lcl:F11:'Frequency of alert (in minutes):'
	[How often should you be alerted ...]
	You are expected to enter the number of minutes that should
	elapse between repeated alerts. To keep you informed that a
	problem still exists, the Line Printer Service will keep issuing
	alerts until the problem has been fixed. Entering ONCE will
	mean you want to be alerted just once.
	
conf.lcl:F12:'Printer recovery method:'
	[How should printing restart after you fix a printer fault? ...]
	You are expected to specify how the Line Printer Service should
	recover after a printer problem has been fixed. Enter
	"continue" if the printer is to continue printing at the top
	of the page where printing stopped. Enter "beginning" if it
	is to start at the beginning again. Enter "wait" if it is
	to leave the printer disabled and wait for someone to enable
	the printer again.
	
	WARNING:
	The Line Printer Service requires the use of a filter to provide the ability
	to continue where printing stopped. If a filter capable of this is not
	being used when a printer stops with a problem, then you will be told in the
	alert message printing won't continue where it left off if you had wanted it
	to.
	
conf.lcl:F13:'Is the printer also a login terminal?'
	[Is the printer also a login terminal? ...]
	Enter "yes" if this printer is also used as a
	login terminal by someone, or enter "no"
	otherwise.

apwheel:F1:Print wheel
	[List the print wheels you have available for this printer ...]
	You are expected to enter the list of print wheels or font
	cartridges that are available for this printer. You can
	choose whatever names you want, as long as they are composed
	of letters, digits, and underscores and are 14 characters
	long or less. However, you should use names consistently:
	If another printer has a print wheel or cartridge that is
	similar enough that users won't care about the difference,
	name them the same.
	
	If you don't list the print wheels or cartridges available
	for this printer, the Line Printer Service will assume that none
	can be used on it. Print requests for a print wheel or
	cartridge not listed here will be refused UNLESS you first
	mount it on the printer. (Giving a list here will not
	restrict you from mounting other print wheels or cartridges
	on the printer.)


charset:F1:
	
	[Map these names into aliases ...]
	You are expected to list aliases for the character sets defined for this
	printer, mapping each one to a name defined in the Terminfo database for
	this type of printer. You don't have to give a list here, because the 
	Line Printer Service will use the list given in the Terminfo database, 
	or will
	use the names "cs0", "cs1", "cs2", etc., as alternatives to real names.
	However, the names given in the Terminfo database may not be consistent
	across all printers, and the names "cs0", etc. are not descriptive, so
	users may be confused.
	
	You can help avoid this confusion by listing the names you would like
	people to use on your system. If you have a mix of printers of different
	styles, some that take print wheels, some that take font cartridges, and
	some that have selectable character sets, you can give the same names for
	the print wheels, cartridges, and character sets that print sufficiently
	similar.
	
	If you enter a list, separate names with commas.

access:F2:"Users who are allowed access to this printer:"
	[List the users who are allowed access to this printer ...]
	You are expected to list the users who ARE allowed to use
	this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users, not
	their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
	
	You can allow EVERYBODY by
	entering the word "all."
	
access:F3:"Users who are denied access to this printer:"
	[List the users who are denied access to this printer...]
	You are expected to list the users who are NOT allowed to
	use this printer. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users,
	not their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
	
	If it is easier to specify access
	restrictions by listing just those who ARE allowed to use
	the printer, leave this field blank and fill in the next.
	
	You can deny EVERYBODY by entering the word "all."
	
access:F4:"Forms allowed on this printer:"
	[List the forms that can be used with this printer ...]
	You are expected to list the forms that are allowed to
	be used with this printer. Separate several names with commas.
	
	You can allow ALL forms by entering the word "all."

access:F5:"Forms denied on this printer:"
	[List the forms that can't be used with this printer ...]
	You are expected to list the forms that are NOT allowed to
	be used with this printer. Separate several names with
	commas.
	
	If it is easier to specify access restrictions by listing
	just those forms that ARE allowed with the printer,
	leave this field blank and fill in the next.
	
	You can deny ALL forms by entering the word "all."
	
comm.lcl:F1:Printer:

comm.lcl:F2:Baud rate:
	[Baud rate ...]
	Enter the baud rate that your printer expects to use.  If you are
	using a parallel port, ignore this field.

comm.lcl:F3:Parity:
	[Parity...]
	You are expected to enter the parity setting for the printer that
	will be connected to this device.  ( For more information, see
	"parenb" under stty(1M) in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F4:Stop bits:
	[Stop bits ...]
	Enter the number of stop bits the printer expects between columns.
	( For more information, see "cstopb" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F5:Character size:
	[Character size...]
	Character size is the number of bits per character.  USASCII uses
	7 bits;  printing with foreign character sets will often require
	8 bits.  ( For more information, see "cs5, cs6, cs7, cs81" under 
	stty(1M) in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F6:Hangup on loss of carrier:
	[Hangup on loss of carrier ...]
	This should be "yes" if your printer drops DTR when a fault occurs.
	If your printer drops DTR when its buffer reaches capacity, enter
	"no." ( For more information, see "clocal" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

	
comm.lcl:F7:XON/XOFF output control:
	[XON/XOFF output control ...]
	This should be "yes" if your printer expects to use XON/XOFF 
	(DC3/DC1) flow control.  Only set this to "no" if you have a 
	fast filter which supports a flow control other than XON/XOFF.
	( For more information, see "ixon" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F8:Allow any character to restart output:
	[Allow any character to restart output ...]
	This should be set to "no" unless your printer expects to restart
	output with some character other than XON.
	( For more information, see "ixany" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F9:Postprocess output:
	[Postprocess output ...]
	Postprocessing of output may include:  delays for certain characters, 
	tab expansion, mapping of newline and carriage return, and mapping 
	of lowercase to uppercase.  This must be set to "yes" if your 
	printer needs any of these features.
	( For more information, see "opost" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F10:Map NL to CR-NL on output:
	[Map NL to CR-NL on output ...]
	If your printer will map a newline return to a carriage return-newline
	pair, set this to "no."  Otherwise, leave this "yes."
	( For more information, see "ocrnl" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F11:Map lowercase to uppercase on output:
	[Map lowercase to uppercase on output ...]
	If your printer is incapable of printing lowercase characters, 
	enter "yes.  Otherwise, enter "no."
	( For more information, see "olcuc" under stty(1M) in the 
	"User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F12:Carriage Return Delay:
	[Carriage Return Delay ...]
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	carriage return.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay
	and 3 being the maximum delay.
	( For more information, see "cr0, cr1, cr2, cr3" under stty(1M) 
	in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F13:Newline Delay:
	[Newline Delay ...]
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	newline.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay
	and 1 being the maximum delay.
	( For more information, see "n10, n11" under stty(1M) 
	in the "User's Reference Manual." )
	
comm.lcl:F14:Backspace Delay:
	[Backspace Delay...]
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	backspace.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay
	and 1 being the maximum delay.
	( For more information, see "b0, b1" under stty(1M) 
	in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F15:Formfeed Delay:
	[Formfeed Delay...]
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	formfeed.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay
	and 1 being the maximum delay.
	( For more information, see "ff0, ff1" under stty(1M) 
	in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F16:Vertical Tab Delay:
	[Vertical Tab Delay...]
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	vertical tab.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay
	and 1 being the maximum delay.
	( For more information, see "vt0, vt1" under stty(1M) 
	in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F17:Horizontal Tab Delay:
	[Horizontal Tab Delay...]
	This specifies how much the system should delay after issuing a
	horizontal tab.  The values are relative with 0 being no delay
	and 2 being the maximum delay. If your printer does not support 
	tabs, enter "expand" and tabs will be expanded to an appropriate
	number of spaces.
	
	Note that if the printer expects tabs as part of a control sequence
	or you intend to print binary, graphic images, you probably don't
	want tabs to be expanded.
	( For more information, see "tab0, tab1, tab2, tab3" under stty(1M) 
	in the "User's Reference Manual." )

comm.lcl:F18:Other options:
	[Other options...]
	Any other options not listed in the menu that you wish to supply
	to the stty(1) command should be entered here.
	( For more information, stty(1M) in the "User's Reference Manual." )

modify:F1:Printer name:
	[Name of the printer ...]
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer that you
	wish to modify. 

modify:L1:configure
	[Local Printer Configuration Subtask]
	You can change these settings:
	
	Class
	Description of the printer
	Printer type
	File types printable without filtering
	Can a user skip the banner page?
	Default character pitch
	Default line pitch
	Default page width
	Default page length
	Command to run for alerts
	Frequency of alert (in minutes)
	Printer recovery method
	Is the printer also a login terminal?

modify:L2:configure
	[Remote Printer Configuration Subtask]
	You can change these settings:
	
	Description of the printer
	Printer type
	File types printable without filtering

modify:L3:comm_setup
	[Local Printer Communication Subtask]
	You can change these settings:
	
	Baud rate
	Parity
	Stop bits
	Character size
	Hangup on loss of carrier
	XON/XOFF output control
	Allow any character to restart output
	Postprocess output
	Map NL to CR-NL on output
	Map lowercase to uppercase on output
	Carriage Return Delay
	Newline Delay
	Backspace Delay
	Formfeed Delay
	Vertical Tab Delay
	Horizontal Tab Delay
	Other options

modify:L4:charset
	[Software Selectable Character Set Aliasing Subtask]
	You can change the character set names available for your
	printer.
	
modify:L5:printwheel
	[Removeable Print Wheel Naming Subtask]
	You can change the print wheels available for your
	printer.

modify:L6:access
	[Printer Access Setup Subtask]
	You can change these settings:
	
	Users who are allowed access to this printer
	Users who are denied access to this printer
	Forms allowed on this printer
	Forms denied on this printer


list:F1:Printer name(s):
	[Name of the printer ...]
	You are expected to enter the name of a printer that you
	have defined on your system.

remove:F1:Printer name(s):
	[Name(s) of the printer ...]
	You are expected to enter the name(s) of a printer that you
	have defined on your system that you wish to remove.
