#ident	"@(#)oamintf:files/check/Help	1.1"
ABSTRACT:
	The "check" task checks a file system on a removable medium 
	or on a disk partition for errors.  If there are errors, 
	this procedure attempts to repair them.

TITLE:Checking File Systems
Form.check:F1:Device that contains the file system
	Devices that contain file systems are usually partitions on
	the hard disk. For example the partition /dev/dsk/1s3 is
	the fourth partition on the second (numbering from 0) hard disk.
 	Among other devices which can contain file systems, floppy 
	diskette drives are the most common. It is recommended that
	a file system be unmounted when it is checked.
	
Form.check:F2:File System Type (IMPORTANT: DO NOT GUESS): 
	The Unix system provides file systems of different types.
	Different file system types provide different functionalities
	for different applications. Your system may have file systems 
	of one or more types. For a listing of file system types 
	available on your system use the "Display" task.
	
	It is very important for you to specify the correct file system
	type while performing these operations. Specifying the wrong 
	type may cause corruption of the file system. If you are
	unsure of the file system type, type unknown at the prompt and
	the interface will run heuristics which will try and determine
	the type of the file system.

Form.checkfs:F1:Device to be checked:
	Devices that contain file systems are usually partitions on
	the hard disk. For example, the partition /dev/dsk/1s3 is
	the fourth partition on the second (numbering from 0) hard disk.
 	Among other devices which can contain file systems, floppy 
	diskette drives are the most common. 
	
	Devices can be accessed via either of block or character
	interfaces. The block interface to the device causes data
	on the device to be accessed in a buffered manner. The 
	character interface provides character input/output to the 
	device. For example, buffered I/O can be performed on a floppy 
	device by specifying the block interface "/dev/dsk/f0t"
	and character I/O can be performed by the character device
	"/dev/rdsk/f0t".

Form.checkfs:F2:Type of checking:
	The form you are looking at displays the device to check.  
	There is a single prompt for you to select the type of 
	checking to do.  There are three options:
	
	The "check only" option looks for file system damage but does 
	not attempt to fix it. 
	
	The "interactive fix" option asks you to decide what should be
	done for each error.  When you choose this option and press
	[SAVE], the screen will clear and the interactive fix
	will run in "full screen" mode.  When the task has completed
	you will be returned to the interface.

	The "automatic fix" option makes standard repairs when it 
	finds errors.  Occasionally it will encounter
	problems it cannot handle.  In those cases, you should consult
	your System Administrator's Guide for details.

	Most users will be satisfied using the "automatic fix" option. 
	For particularly sensitive or non-reproducible data, we recommend 
	that you use the "check only" option first and then use either 
	the "interactive fix" or "automatic fix" option.

ckerrhelp:
	You are looking at an error that occurred while trying
	to verify the device medium.  The error is probably the
	result of one of the following conditions:
	
	- the device management table doesn't know about the device
	- the device is not properly initialized as a file system
	- the device may not be properly inserted (includes conditions
	  where the device is upside down, or the door is not closed)
	- the medium is not formatted
	
	Please correct the problem indicated by the error message,
	and try again.
	
cknokhelp:
	An error has occurred while checking the file system.
	Please correct the problem indicated by the error message,
	and try again.
	
ckokhelp:
	You are looking at the output from performing the file
	system check you requested.  
  	 
findtypetask:
	The Identification of File System Type task has deduced
	the type of file system on the device selected. You must
	now return to the File System Check form and complete the
	form using the information displayed and type [SAVE].
