#ident	"@(#)portmgmt:port_monitors/Help	1.3.2.1"

ABSTRACT:
	The subcommands in the "port_monitors" menu provide functions
	for managing port monitors under Service Access Facility.
	It includes such subtasks as adding, disabling, enabling,
	listing, modifying, removing, starting and stopping port monitors.

pmtag:Port Monitor Tag
	Port monitor tag is a unique tag that identifies a particular
	port monitor. The tag may consist of up to 14 alphanumeric
	characters.

pmtype:Port Monitor Type
	Port monitor type identifies the type of a port monitor
	(e.g. ttymon, listen, etc.). It may consist of up to 14
	alphanumeric characters.

pmcmd:Command
	The command is a string representing the command that
	will start the port monitor. Full path name must be specified.

pmversion:Version Number
	Version number refers to the version number of the port 
	monitor's database file.

pmcount:Restart Count
	Restart count is the number of times that the port monitor
	will be restarted if it fails. If it cannot be restarted
	after this many tries, it will be placed in a failed
	state.

pmstate:Start State
	Start state is the state the port monitor will be placed into
	when it is started. The two valid states are ENABLED and 
	DISABLED. The default state is ENABLED.

pmxflag:Start port monitor immediately?
	Start port monitor immediately?
	If "Yes" is selected, the port monitor will be started 
	automatically. Otherwise, the port monitor will not be started
	and the administrator has to use the "start" task or sacadm 
	command to start it.

pmscript:Port Monitor Configuration Script
	This is the full path name of the file that contains the
	per-port monitor configuration script. The content of this file
	will be copied to the port monitor configuration script file.
	Later changes to the named file have no effect.

pmcomments:Comments
	This is used to specify comments that should be associated with
	the port monitor entry. This comment will be displayed when 
	information about the port monitor is requested. It is not used
	by the system.

add:ABSTRACT:
	The "add" task creates the supporting directory structure for
	the port monitor and adds an entry for it in the Service
	Access Controller data file.

disable:ABSTRACT:
	The "disable" task disables port monitors on the system, thus
	denying subsequent connection requests to the disabled port
	monitors.

enable:ABSTRACT:
	The "enable" task enables port monitors on the system, thus
	allowing connection requests to be accepted.

list:ABSTRACT:
	The "list" task lists detailed port monitor configuration and
	status information.

modify:ABSTRACT:
	The "modify" task modifies port monitor information such as
	command string, port monitor flags, restart count, and comments.

remove:ABSTRACT:
	The "remove" task removes port monitors from the system. Port
	monitors that are currently in use will be removed after all
	connections they are controlling are terminated by the users.

start:ABSTRACT:
	The "start" task starts port monitors on the system.

stop:ABSTRACT:
	The "stop" task stops port monitors on the system.

