#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/filters/Help	1.2.3.2"
ABSTRACT:Manage Filters for Special Processing
	The filters menu provides tasks for: adding new filters; modifying the
	description of a filter; examining the filters available; removing
	filters; and restoring filters to factory settings.
	
	Filters are used by the Line Printer Service to handle several aspects
	of preparing user files for printing. The printing of a subset of pages;
	the automatic restarting of printing where it left off; the handling of
	special modes like one or two-sided, landscape or portrait, draft versus
	letter-quality; are all handled by filters.  Filters also provide
	automatic conversion from one type of file to another, so that files
	produced by various application programs can be printed properly.

menu:L1:Add New Filters
	You use the add task to add a new filter to the print service.
	
	Filters are used when:
	
	* a file needs to be printed on a printer, but the printer cannot
	handle the file type; the filter converts the file into a type that
	the printer can handle.
	
	* a file is to be printed with special modes, such as portrait or
	landscape orientation, two-sided printing, draft or letter quality,
	etc.; only filters can provide these special modes.
	
	* only a few pages of a file are to be printed; only a filter can
	correctly break a file into pages.
	
	* more sophisticated print fault handling is needed, such as automatic
	resumption of printing on the page where printing stopped; only a
	filter can know about ALL the peculiarities of a printer.

menu:L2:Display Filter Information
	You use the list task to see the definition of a filter.  You can
	examine a particular filter or all of the filters on the system.

menu:L3:Modify a Filter
	You use the modify task to modify the definition of a filter. The same
	information you gave when you added the filter will provide the defaults
	for each item you are asked to respecify, so you can quickly step
	through the definition to find the item you want to modify.

menu:L4:Remove Filters
	You use the remove task to remove a filter from the print service.
	
	No more print requests will be accepted for it and the filter definition
	will be destroyed. Any print requests currently queued that need this
	filter to print properly will be CANCELED if another filter cannot be
	found to take its place.

menu:L5:Restore Filters to Factory Settings
	You use the restore task to restore a filter to its original, installed
	definition.  This would be helpful if the filter had been damaged or
	accidentally modified.

add:F1:New Filter
	You are expected to enter the name you would like to give to the filter.
	This name is only used to reference this filter again later, when you
	want to modify its definition, examine it, or remove it.
	
	You are free to choose any name as long as it is 14 characters or less
	and contains only letters, digits, and underscores.

add:F2:Model Filter
	Enter the name of the filter that you would like to use as a model to 
	base the definition of your new filter on.
	
	You may press CHOICES to obtain a list of the current set of filters on
	this system. If you do not know what model you would like to base your
	new filter on, use the default provided, default_filter.  This is a
	simple filter which should be sufficient for most simple printers and
	print applications.

mod2:F1:Input types
	You are expected to give the list of file types this filter can
	recognize and convert.
	
	The names used must be made up of only letters, digits, and DASHES
	(not underscores).  If the filter will accept any input type, enter
	the word all.
	
	Simple filters probably only recognize one type. If your filter can 
	handle several types, enter their names separated by commas.
	
	Choose the names freely, but remember that the users of the print
	service will be using these names to describe the types of files they
	will be printing.

mod2:F2:Output types
	You are expected to give the list of file types this filter can
	generate.
	
	The names used must be made up of only letters, digits, and DASHES
	(not underscores).  If the filter will generate any output type, enter
	the word all.
	
	Simple filters probably only generate one type. If your filter can 
	handle several types, enter their names separated by commas.
	
	Choose the names freely, but remember that these names must match up
	with the names of the file types your printers can accept, or file
	types other filters can accept.
	
	In the next field you can enter the printer types this filter is
	restricted to. If that is the only type this filter can generate then
	just enter that name here and in the next field. If the printer types
	can accept several file types, enter all those file types here.

mod2:F3:Printer types
	You are expected to enter the printer types this filter will work with.
	It is hard to say whether it matters or not if your filter is restricted
	to a few printer types. If the filter is a general one that manipulates
	the file in a simple fashion (like reverses the pages or adds a left
	margin), then it will probably work with most printers. If the filter
	produces printer-specific control sequences, then it is likely to work
	with only a few printer types.
	
	If you use the value any for this field, it will be assumed that the
	filter does not generate any printer specific code and may be used
	with any printer type.

mod2:F4:Printers
	You are expected to enter the names of the printers that are the only
	ones this filter should be used with. Generally limiting the filter to
	certain printer types in the previous prompt should be adequate. If,
	however, some printers of the same type will not work adequately (maybe
	they are an older model or do not have enough memory capacity, etc.) or
	if use of this filter on a printer will slow down the through-put and
	you do not want this to happen for some printers, or if for any other
	reason you do not want this filter used with some printers, enter their
	names here.
	
	The printers entered here must exist already in the print service
	configuration.
	
	If you use the value any for this field, it will be assumed that the
	filter may be used with any printer having the appropriate printer type
	and content type (if applicable).

mod2:F5:Fast or slow filter
	Enter slow if this filter MUST be run separately from the printer, or
	enter fast if this filter MUST NOT be run separately from the printer.
	The Line Printer Service will run slow filters in the background without
	tying up a printer, to allow print requests that do not need filtering
	to print. However, some filters must be run while connected to the
	printer because they need to control the printer or check for responses
	from the printer and these filters must be designated fast.

mod2:F6:Filter command
	You are expected to enter the command to run to invoke the filter. You
	can include command line options, but enter only fixed options that are
	always needed to run this filter correctly. In the next fields you can
	enter those options that should be in effect only under certain printing
	conditions. Use full path names for all commands.

mod2:F7:Existing option templates

mod2:F8:New filter options
	Enter yes if you wish to add new options for this filter, otherwise
	enter no.



options:F2:Filter Options Template
	You are expected to enter one of these options as a keyword:
	
	Enter [CHARSET] to denote character set.
	Enter [COPIES] to denote number of copies.
	Enter [CPI] to denote character per inch.
	Enter [FORM] to denote form name.
	Enter [INPUT] to denote file types.
	Enter [LENGTH] to denote page length.
	Enter [LPI] to denote lines per inch.
	Enter [MODES] to denote the name of the mode.
	Enter [OUTPUT] to denote output type.
	Enter [PAGES] to denote number of pages.
	Enter [PRINTER] to denote printer.
	Enter [TERM] to denote printer type.
	Enter [WIDTH] to denote page width.

options:F3:Filter Options Template
	In this field, enter the string pattern to be passed for the
	Keyword entered in the previous field.  If the string contains 
	any spaces, it must be enclosed in double quotes. If the string 
	contains an asterisk (*), the asterisk will be replaced with 
	the keyword entered.

options:1MODES:MODES Pattern	
	[MODES(pattern)]
	Enter the name of the mode that the user will pass to lp(1) 
	with the -y option.  This name should probably be something 
	obvious and preferably eight characters or less.  For example, 
	if you have a filter that will convert a document to landscape 
	mode, you might enter landscape or land.  You could of course 
	enter just l, but it is not obvious what mode l will do.
	If you entered land, the user would request landscape mode by
	entering lp -y land file.

	If the pattern contains any spaces, it must be enclosed in 
	double quotes. If the pattern contains an asterisk (*), the 
	asterisk will be replaced with the mode.
	
options:2MODES:MODES Replacement
	[MODES (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the mode you
	just specified.  When the mode you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
	
	
options:1INPUT:INPUT Pattern	
	[INPUT(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the input type.  
	If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed in 
	double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), the 
	asterisk will be replaced with the input type.
	
	
options:2INPUT:INPUT Replacement
	[INPUT (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the input you
	just specified.  When the input you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
	
options:1PRINTER:PRINTER Pattern	
	[PRINTER(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the printer.  
	If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed in 
	double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), the 
	asterisk will be replaced with the printer.
	
	
options:2PRINTER:PRINTER Replacement
	[PRINTER (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the printer you
	just specified.  When the input you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1OUTPUT:OUTPUT Pattern	
	[OUTPUT(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the output 
	type.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed 
	in double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), 
	the asterisk will be replaced with the output type.
	
options:2OUTPUT:OUTPUT Replacement
	[OUTPUT (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the output you
	just specified.  When the output you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1TERM:TERM Pattern	
	[TERM(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the term 
	type.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed
	in double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), 
	the asterisk will be replaced with the printer type.
	
	
options:2TERM:TERM Replacement
	[TERM (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the term you
	just specified.  When the term you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1CPI:CPI Pattern	
	[CPI(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the characters 
	per inch.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be 
	enclosed in double quotes. If the string contains an asterisk (*), 
	the asterisk will be replaced with the characters per inch.
	
	
options:2CPI:CPI Replacement
	[CPI (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the cpi you
	just specified.  When the cpi you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1LPI:LPI Pattern	
	[LPI]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the lines 
	per inch.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be 
	enclosed in double quotes. If the string contains an 
	asterisk (*), the asterisk will be replaced with the lines 
	per inch.
	
	
options:2LPI:LPI Replacement
	[LPI (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the lpi you
	just specified.  When the lpi you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1LENGTH:LENGTH Pattern	
	[LENGTH(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the page 
	length.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed 
	in double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), 
	the asterisk will be replaced with the page length.
	
	
options:2LENGTH:LENGTH Replacement
	[LENGTH (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the length you
	just specified.  When the length you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1WIDTH:WIDTH Pattern	
	[WIDTH(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the page width.  
	If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed in 
	double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), the 
	asterisk will be replaced with the page width.
	
	
options:2WIDTH:WIDTH Replacement
	[WIDTH (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the width you
	just specified.  When the width you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1PAGES:PAGES Pattern	
	[PAGES(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the number 
	of pages.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be 
	enclosed in double quotes. If the string contains an 
	asterisk (*), the asterisk will be replaced with the number 
	of pages.
	
options:2PAGES:PAGES Replacement
	[PAGES (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the pages you
	just specified.  When the pages you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1FORM:FORM Pattern	
	[FORM(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the form name.  
	If the string contains any spaces, it must be enclosed in 
	double quotes.  If the string contains an asterisk (*), the 
	asterisk will be replaced with the form name.
	
options:2FORM:FORM Replacement
	[FORM (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the form you
	just specified.  When the form you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
options:1COPIES:COPIES Pattern	
	[COPIES(pattern)]
	For this field enter the string to be passed for the number 
	of copies.  If the string contains any spaces, it must be 
	enclosed in double quotes. If the string contains an 
	asterisk (*), the asterisk will be replaced with the number 
	of copies.
	
	
options:2COPIES:COPIES Replacement
	[COPIES (Replacement)]
	Enter the string to be passed to the filter for the copies you
	just specified.  When the copies you entered in the previous 
	field is matched, the contents of this field will be passed 
	to the filter as a command line argument.
	
