#ident	"@(#)oamintf:files/make/Help	1.1"
ABSTRACT:
	The make task helps in creating file systems. The 
	type of the file system to be created must be known.
	After the file system is created, the user will be 
	provided with the option of mounting the file system.
TITLE:
Form.make:TITLE:
Form.make:F1:Device that will contain the file system:
	Devices that contain file systems are usually partitions on
	the hard disk.

 	Among other devices which can contain file systems floppy 
	diskette drives are the most common. 
	
Form.make:F2:File system type:
	The Unix system provides file systems of different types.
	Different file system types provide different functionalities
	for different applications. Your system may have file systems 
	of one or more types. For a listing of file system types 
	available on your system use the "Display" task.

	It is very important for you to specify the correct file system
	type while performing these operations. Specifying the wrong 
	type may cause the corruption of the file system.
Form.make2:TITLE:
Form.make2:F3:Label for the  file system:
	Enter the label for the file system being created.
	This is an optional field.

Form.make2:F2:Once created, should the new file system be mounted?
	A "yes" reply to this prompt will cause the newly created
	file system to be automatically mounted. A "no" response
	to this prompt will simply create the file system which
	will not be available for use until you mount it. 

Form.mntpt:TITLE:
Form.mntpt:F1:File system name when mounted:
	The Unix system provides the capability to add or remove 
	file systems which are stored on hardware devices such as
	hard disks and diskettes via the processes of mounting and 
	unmounting. File systems are added by mounting the device
	that contains the file system at a leaf directory on the 
	system. This leaf directory is known as the mount point for 
	file system and and becomes the root of the newly mounted 
	file system when the mount is successful. 

	For example if the diskette (/dev/dsk/f0t) is mounted on
	the mount-point "/mnt" then the file system name of the 
	newly added file system is "/mnt".

	The file system name must be a valid 'empty' directory
	and may not be mounted if you are attempting to make a
	new file system on it.

Form.s5:TITLE:
Form.s5:F1:Name of prototype file:
	Enter the full pathname of the file which contains the 
	information needed to create the new file system. 
	If no prototype file is specified, then the file system
	will be created with a root directory and a lost+found
	directory.  See the mkfs(1M) manual page for details
	on prototype file formats.

Form.s52:TITLE:
Form.s52:F1:Block Size in Bytes:
	This refers to the logical block size of the file
	system in bytes. Block sizes are usually powers of
	two and never smaller than the physical block size
	of 512 bytes.
Form.s52:F2:Number of Blocks:
	This refers to the number of physical blocks to be 
	used in creating the new file system. The number 
	entered must be less than or equal to the number of
	physical blocks (sectors) available on the floppy
	or the hard disk partition. 
	
Form.s52:F3:Number of Files:
	This refers to the number of files (or inodes) you
	want to allocate on your new file system.
Form.ufs:TITLE:
Form.ufs:F1:Name of prototype file:
	Enter the full pathname of the file which contains the 
	information needed to create the new file system. 
Form.ufs2:TITLE:
Form.ufs2:F1:Number of Blocks in the file System:
	This refers to the number of physical blocks to be 
	used in creating the new file system. The number 
	entered must be less than or equal to the number of
	physical blocks (sectors) available on the floppy
	or the hard disk partition. 
	
Form.ufs2:F2:Block Size in Bytes:
	This refers to the logical block size of the file
	system in bytes. Block sizes are usually powers of
	two and never smaller than the physical block size
	of 512 bytes.
Form.ufs2:F3:Fragment Size in bytes:
	Please refer to the UFS user documentation for more information
	concerning UFS fragment size.
