#ident	"@(#)oamintf:edsysadm/Help	1.3.3.1"
ABSTRACT:
	Select \"menu\" or \"task\" to create or update a menu or task item
	in sysadm.
	
Form.chgmenu:chgmenu:Changing a Menu
	Select existing or packaged.  \"Existing\" will allow you to change
	an existing menu. You may change the name, description, or help 
	information for the selected menu. You cannot change the location.
	To change the location, you must add the same menu under the new
	location and delete the old location's entry.  \"Packaged\" will 
	allow you to change a menu item that has been packaged.

Form.chgtask:chgtask:Changing a Task
	Select existing or packaged.  \"Existing\" will allow you to change
	an existing task. You may change the name, description, or help 
	information for the selected task. You cannot change the location.
	To change the location, you must add the same task under the new
	location and delete the old location's entry.  \"Packaged\" will 
	allow you to change a task item that has been packaged.

Form.collision:coll:Collisions
	This form reports a collision on a menu or task that is being added 
	or changed on-line.  The choices for action to be taken are :
	do not install	- leaves the interface unchanged.
	install		- will attempt to overwrite current information.
	rename		- will present current information and allow you to
			  rename the menu or task.
	relocate	- will present current information and allow you to
			  relocate the menu or task.

fname:Package Name
	Enter the name of the file which contains the package description
	information.  This may be a relative or absolute path.

mname:Menu Name
	Name is the actual name of the menu item. This will be the
	keyword for the menu item within it's parent menu. It must be
	less than or equal to 16 lower-case characters and underscores.

descrp:Description
	Description field requires that the first letter of each word is
	capitalized.

loc:Location
	Location field is the logical path of the item.  This consists
	of menus separated by colons, with the main menu labeled main.

		Example:  \"main:applications:devices\".
	Start with 'main:', use a through z & underbars. Separate levels
	with ':'." uses "a-zA-Z0-9_:", but can't end with ":", must start 
	with "main" and can't have "::". 
	(Although you may add a menu/task at the main interface menu by
	 entering just "main", you are strongly advised against doing so.
	 If you aren't sure where to add an item, please consult your 
	 System Administrator or documentation.)
Form.menu:name:Menu Name
	Name is the actual name of the menu item. This will be the
	keyword for the menu item within it's parent menu.

help:Help
	The Help may be a file with a relative or absolute path or left blank.
	If this item is left blank, the user is placed in the default editor 
	to create a help message. This file will be called "Help".

Form.overwrite:owrite:Overwriting
	This form reports a collision on the package description file.
	The choices for action to be taken are :
	add			- the information will be added to the 
				  already existing file.
	do not overwrite	- leaves the current file untouched and 
				  prompts for a new file name.
	overwrite		- overwrites all the information in the
				  existing file.
	

Form.save:save:Saving New or Modified Information
	Select install to install the information by on-line modification.
	Select save to create a package for use with package installation
	procedures.


Form.task:name:Task Name
	Name is the actual name of the task item. This will be the
	keyword for the task item within it's parent menu.

Form.task:action:Task Action File
	Action is the FMLI form or executable program that is the first
	thing done when the task is selected.

Form.task:tfiles:Task Files
	Files may list all files additionally needed to accomplish
	the task. (You do not need to list the task action file
	here.)  The files may be relative or absolute paths to files
	and/or directories.  If a directory is given, all files within
	this directory will be considered part of the task.

Form.test:test: Menu Testing
	Select yes to test your menu addition/change on-line. 
	Select no to skip to the next form.
	Testing requires some build-up time, please be patient.
	The actual changes are not made until either the package is installed
	or the on-line modifications are completed.

Menu.menu:add:Adding a Menu
	Select add to add a menu item. You will be given a series of 
	prompts to create this menu.

Menu.menu:chg:Changing a Menu
	Select change to change a menu item. You will be be given a filled-in
	form with the selected menu information to modify. 

Menu.pkg:menu:Menu
	Select menu to add or change a menu within the interface, by either
	creating a package or by on-line modifications.

Menu.pkg:task:Task
	Select task to add or change a task within the interface, by either
	creating a package or by on-line modifications.

Menu.task:add:Adding a Task
	Select add to add a task item. You will be given a series of 
	prompts to create this task.

Menu.task:chg:Changing a Task
	Select change to change a task item. You will be be given a filled-in
	form with the selected task information to modify. 
