#ident	"@(#)bkrs:bkintf.d/backups/bksched/add/Help	1.2.2.2"

ABSTRACT: Add Entries to Backup Schedule
	The "add" task allows you to add entries to the backup schedule.
	Each entry contains when the backup should be run (time, days of
	the week and month) as well as how the backup is to be run (using
	which backup register, whether you are to be notified by mail when
	the entire backup job completes and whether the backup should be
	run in background or in automated mode).  Once you have set up a
	backup schedule, the backup command will be run automatically, as
	you have scheduled it.

TITLE: Add Entries to Backup Schedule

F1:
	"Time:"  Enter the time of day at which the backup command should
	run.  The time is represented by a string of the form hh:mm, where
	hh is 00-23 and mm is 00-59.  For example, to run the backup
	command at 8:15pm, enter "20:15".

F2:
	"Day(s):"  Enter a list of weekdays on which this backup is to run.
	Days are represented by the digits 0 (=Sunday) to 6 (=Saturday).
	You may enter the keyword "all" if this backup command is to run
	every day.

F3:
	"Month(s):"  Enter a list of months (1-12) in which this backup is
	to run.  You may represent ranges of months by month numbers
	separated by a "-".  For example, to run this backup from July
	through December, enter "7-12".  You may enter the keyword "all"
	to run this backup in all months.

F4:
	"Table:"  Enter the path to the backup register table this backup
	is to use.  This register must exist when the backup actually runs.
	The invoked backup command will read this table to determine which
	backup operations are to be run.

F5:
	"Mode:"  Enter the mode in which you want the backup to run.  The
	choices are "background" or "automated".  In background mode, you
	will be notified by mail whenever a backup operation requires
	operator intervention.  In automated mode, it is assumed that there
	is no operator available, so any operation that requires operator
	intervention fails.

F6:
	"Notify:"  Enter "yes" to receive mail when the backup job has
	completed.  Enter "no" if you do not wish to be notified.
