#ident	"@(#)bkrs:bkintf.d/backups/bkhist/select/Help	1.2.3.1"

ABSTRACT: Selective Display of Backup History Information
	The "selective" task allows you to display selected backup history
	information from the log.  You may select log entries based on
	originating device name, backup operation tag and backup date.  You
	may also specify the long or short form for the display.  The short
	form includes the backup operation tag, backup date, method used,
	destination device type, destination volume labels, number of
	volumes and the location of the table of contents, if any.  The
	long form displays all the information in the short form, plus the
	"ls -l" listing of files from the table of contents, if it exists
	and is online for the given backup operation.
	
TITLE: Selective Display of Backup History Information

ERROR:
	The file you have entered already exists.  Please specify whether the
	summary report is to be appended to the existing contents of the file
	or whether the report is to overwrite the current contents.  If you
	would prefer to choose another file name instead, press [CANCEL] to
	return to the previous form without writing anything to the file.

select:F1:
	"Output to:" Enter terminal if you want the output to be sent to
	your terminal. Enter a file name if you want the output to be
	saved in a file.

select:F2:
	"Form:"  Enter "long" for a display that includes the "ls -l"
	listing for files in the table of contents (if it is online) or
	"short" for a display that does not include detailed
	table-of-contents information.

select:F3:
	"Object Name(s):"  Enter a list of originating object names.  These
	are the names of the file systems and data partitions whose backup
	history information you want to display.  You may enter the keyword
	"all" to see history for any originating object.

select:F4:
	"Tag(s):"  Enter a list of backup operation tags or the keyword
	"all".  The display will be limited to backup operations with the
	tags you specify.

select:F5:
	"Date:"  Enter the keyword "all" or a date in the form
	"mm/dd/yy hh:mm".  Only backup history entries with those backup
	dates will be displayed.

oldfile:F1:
	"File already exists.  How should output be written to the file?"
	"Output method: " Enter 'append' to add output to end of file or
	'overwrite' to replace file contents."
