#ident	"@(#)devintf:devices/add/Help	1.2.2.2"

add:ABSTRACT:
	The "add" task adds a device description to the Device Management
	tables.  You will be asked to supply a device alias, along with other
	device attributes such as pathnames to the device and the device's type.

Form.add:Alias:the Device Alias field
	Enter a unique device alias (i.e. one that does not currently
        exist).
	
	The alias must contain only alphanumeric characters and may not 
	contain more than 14 characters.

Form.add:Description:the Description field
	Enter a description of the device (e.g. Cartridge Tape Drive).
	
	This field is not validated.

Form.add:Type:the Type field
	Enter the type of the device.  Common types are 'ctape', 'disk',
	'dpart' and 'diskette'.
	
	This field may not be blank but is not otherwise validated.

Form.add:Cdevice:the Character Pathname field
	This is the full character-device pathname of the device
	being added.  Full pathnames always begin with a slash ('/').
	
	This field may be blank.  If it is not blank, it must begin
	with a slash.  The task tests the data entered to ensure that
	it is the pathname of a character device.

Form.add:Bdevice:the Block Pathname field
	This is the full block-device pathname of the device
	being added.  Full pathnames always begin with a slash ('/').
	
	This field may be blank.  If it is not blank, it must begin
	with a slash.  The task tests the data entered to ensure that
	it is the pathname of a block device.

Form.add:Attribute:the Attribute fields
	This field is the name of an attribute being given to a device.
	Examples of attribute names are 'pathname', 'fmtcmd', and
        'capacity'.
	
	An attribute name must contain only alphanumeric characters and 
	may not contain more than 14 characters.  The attributes 'alias',
	'bdevice', 'cdevice', 'type', and 'desc' may not be named here.

Form.add:Value:the Value fields
	This field is the value of the attribute named in the previous
        field.
	
	Attribute values are not validated.
