#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/operations/Help	1.2.1.1"
ABSTRACT:Perform Daily Printer Service Operations
	The operations menu gives you several tasks that allow you to:
	enable and disable printers; turn on or off the acceptance
	status of printers; start and stop the Printer Service; mount 
	and unmount forms; set the system default printer destination.

menu:L1:Allow Class(es) and/or Printer(s) to Accept Print Requests
	You use the accept task to let print requests be accepted
	for a printer or class of printers. You must do this after
	adding a new printer because the Line Printer Service holds off
	accepting any requests for the printer until you've finished
	defining it. You tell the print service you're done using
	the accept task. You may also need to stop accepting
	requests at a later time, perhaps because you wish to take
	the printer out of service for repair or because too many
	requests are backed up in queue for the printer. When the
	printer is ready for service again you'll use the accept
	task.

accept:F1:Printer(s) and/or Class(es)
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer or printer
	class that is now ready to accept print requests. You can give
	more than one name by separating them with spaces or commas.
	You may also enter the word all to force all printers not
	currently accepting requests to accept requests.
	
	If you do not know the name of a printer or class, press CHOICES
	and a list of those printers and classes not currently accepting
	requests will be presented to you to select from.  Once the
	Choices menu appears, move to each choice that you wish to select
	and press MARK.  When you are done marking your choices, press ENTER.
	
	Note that accepting print requests for a printer is not enough
	to cause them to print. The printer must also be enabled, using
	the enable.
	
	The Line Printer Service does not start printing requests until
	it is told by you that the printer is ready: powered on, with
	paper loaded, with the proper form loaded, etc.

menu:L7:Set Default Print Destination
	You use the set default task when you want to assign the default
	destination. This is the printer or class of printers that all
	print requests will be sent to if they are not explicitly sent
	to a different destination.  You do not need to define a default
	destination, but it is usually a good idea because it makes it
	easier on the people using the print service.

default:F1:Default Printer or Printer Class
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer or class
	of printers that you want as the default destination. The
	printer or class must already exist. 
	
	If you do not know the name of a printer or class, press CHOICES
	and a list of the printers and classes defined on your system
	will be presented to you to select from.  Once the Choices menu
	appears, move to the choice that you wish to select and press
	ENTER.

menu:L3:Disable Printer(s) from Printing
	You use the disable task to keep print requests from printing
	on a printer. This does not discard or move any requests
	currently in the queue, nor does it refuse further requests. All
	requests will remain in queue until the printer is enabled again.
	
	Use the reject task to reject further requests for a printer.

disable:F1:Printer(s)
	You are expected to enter the name of an enabled printer you
	want to disable.  You can give several names if you separate
	them with spaces or commas. You can also enter the word all to
	disable all of the enabled printers.
	
	If you do not know the name of a printer, press CHOICES and a
	list of the enabled printers on your system will be presented
	to you to select from.  Once the Choices menu appears, move to
	each choice that you wish to select and press MARK. When you
	are done marking your choices, press ENTER.

	A disabled printer is prevented from printing further requests
	but requests can continue to queue up for the printer. You will
	be able to specify whether any request currently printing be
	stopped and put back in the queue, be canceled and discarded,
	or be allowed to finish printing before the printer is disabled.
	
	If you also want to stop further requests from being queued, when
	you are done with the disable task go back to the operations menu
	and select the reject task. This is a good idea if the printer
	will be disabled for a long time.

disable:F2:What should happen to any requests currently printing?
	Enter cancel if any requests currently printing on the printer(s)
	you identified should be canceled. This will destroy those print
	requests.
	
	Enter wait if any requests currently printing on the printer(s)
	you identified should be allowed to finish printing. You will not
	have to wait, since the Line Printer Service will mark the
	printers as being disabled and will prevent any other request
	from printing also.
	
	Enter restart if they should be stopped but left in queue to be
	printed later. When later printed, these requests will be
	restarted from the beginning, unless someone modifys the request
	and gives a subset of pages to print. You can do this by selecting
	the modify task from the requests menu later.

disable:F3:Reason for disabling
	Enter a reason for disabling the printer(s). The only purpose of
	the reason is to give an explanation to the users who inquire
	about a disabled printer.

menu:L4:Enable Printer(s) for Printing
	You use the enable task to allow one or more printers to start
	printing requests queued for them. You need to do this after you
	have added a new printer and are ready to bring it on line, after
	you have finished servicing a printer that you had earlier
	disabled, and if you need to manually re-enable a printer that
	was automatically disabled because of a problem.
	
	If new print requests had also been refused for a printer, which
	is the case with new printers, you may also want to use the accept
	task to allow requests to be accepted for the printer you enable.

enable:F1:Printer(s)
	You are expected to enter the name of an disabled printer you
	want to enable.  You can give several names if you separate
	them with spaces or commas. You can also enter the word all to
	enable all of the disabled printers.
	
	If you do not know the name of a printer, press CHOICES and a
	list of the disabled printers on your system will be presented
	to you to select from.  Once the Choices menu appears, move to
	each choice that you wish to select and press MARK. When you
	are done marking your choices, press ENTER.

menu:L5:Mount a Form or Font On a Printer
	You use the mount task to mount a form or print wheel on a
	printer.  You must do this before print requests queued for
	the form or print wheel will be printed. (You do not have to
	manually mount character sets. The Line Printer Service
	automatically selects the correct character set on printers
	that have selectable character sets.)
	
	When you mount a form, you can get an alignment pattern printed
	(if one has been defined). This will help you line up the form
	in the printer for proper registration of printed data.
	
	WARNING: It is assumed that you have disabled the printer
	before you mount a form or print wheel or font cartridge, and
	the form, print wheel, or cartridge are already in place when
	you finish the mount task. The Line Printer Service will
	immediately ready print requests for printing when it is told
	that the mount is finished. If you want to disable the printer
	first (you do not HAVE to) use the disable task.

mount:F1:Printer
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer on which
	you want to mount a form or print wheel. If you do not know
	the name press CHOICES to get a list of known printers.

mount:F2:Form to be mounted
	You are expected to enter the name of the form you want
	mounted on the printer. If you are only mounting a print
	wheel or font cartridge, leave this field blank.
	
	Press CHOICES to get a list of forms available on this printer.

mount:F3:Print wheel to be mounted
	You are expected to enter the name of the print wheel or
	font cartridge you want mounted. If you are only mounting
	a form, leave this field blank.
	
	Press choices to get a list of printwheels for this printer.
	
	NOTE: The print wheel or font cartridge should already be IN the
	printer when you answer this question.

mount:F4:Print an alignment pattern
	Enter yes to get an alignment pattern printed or no otherwise.
	After you press SAVE, if you have selected yes here, the screen
	will clear and the first alignment pattern will be printed in
	several seconds. A prompt will appear on the screen to allow you
	to print additional alignment patterns. Press ENTER to print 
	another alignment pattern or q to return to this form.

menu:L6:Stop Printer From Accepting Print Requests
	You use the reject task to keep additional print requests from
	being queued for a printer or printer class. This does not
	discard or move any requests currently in the queue, nor does
	it stop requests currently in the queue from printing.
	
	You may need to reject additional print requests or a printer
	if you want to take the printer out of service for a long time,
	or if too many requests are in queue already and you want the
	backlog to reduce itself before more requests are allowed.
	
	Use the disable task if you also want to stop printing; use the
	move subtask in the requests task if you want to move requests
	currently queued to another printer.

reject:F1:Printer(s) and/or Class(es)
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer or class of
	printers for which you want no further print requests accepted.
	You may enter a list of printers and classes seperated by spaces
	or commas.  The word all will cause all accepting printers to be
	affected.
	
	If you do not know the name of a printer or class, press CHOICES
	and a list of those printers and classes currently accepting
	requests will be presented to you to select from.  Once the
	Choices menu appears, move to each choice that you wish to select
	and press MARK.  When you are done marking your choices, press ENTER.

	When you are ready to let print requests be queued again, use the
	accept task.

reject:F2:Reason for rejecting
	You are expected to enter a reason for disabling the printer(s) or
	printer class(es). The only purpose of the reason is to give an
	explanation to the users who inquire about a printer or printer
	class that's no longer accepting print requests.

menu:L2a:Start the Printer Service
	You use the control task to start the Line Printer Service after
	it has been stopped. Normally the print services are automatically
	started when you start the UNIX system, so you generally do not
	need to use this task.

menu:L2b:Stop the Printer Service
	You use the stop task to stop the Line Printer Service. Normally
	the print services are automatically stopped when you stop the
	UNIX system, so you generally do not need to use this task.
	
	NOTICE: You do not have to stop the print services to modify any
	printers, forms, filters, or to move print requests. In fact, if
	you DO stop the print services you'll be unable to properly
	affect SOME modifys.

menu:L3a:Set Lp to Always/Optionally Copy Print Request Files
	If you select the task "Set Lp to Always Copy Print Request Files,"
	you can administrate the LP system to always make copies of users'
	source-files at the time print-jobs are submitted.
	
	If you select the task "Set Lp to Optionally Copy Print Request Files"
	you can administrate the LP system to not make copies of users' 
	source-files at the time that print-jobs are submitted unless 
	the user has specified the -c option in the lp command.
	Selecting this task will leave the option to copy files in the hands 
	of the user.

menu:L8:Unmount a Form or Printwheel From a Printer
	You use the unmount task to unmount a form or print wheel from
	a printer. The printer must be idle when you unmount a form or
	print wheel. If a request is printing you can use the disable
	task from this menu to idle the printer prior to performing the
	unmount. Note that you do not manually unmount character sets as
	the Line Printer Service will automatically select the correct
	character set on printers that have selectable character sets.
	
	Upon completion of the unmount any requests not needing the
	unmounted form and/or print wheel will begin printing as soon as
	the printer is enabled ( or immediately if you did not disable
	the printer before the unmount).

unmount:F1:Printer
	You are expected to enter the name of the printer on which you
	want to unmount a form or print wheel. If you do not know the
	name, press CHOICES, to get a list of printers that currently
	have a form or print wheel mounted.

unmount:F2:Unmount the current form
	Enter yes if you want to unmount the form that is currently
	mounted on the printer, or no if not. Note that if the printer
	is currently printing a request, the unmount will have no
	effect.  To avoid this problem use the disable task in the
	printers menu to insure that the printer is not active.

unmount:F3:Unmount the current print wheel
	Enter yes if you want to unmount the print wheel that is currently
	mounted on the printer, or no if not. Note that if the printer is
	currently printing a request, the unmount will have no effect. To
	avoid this problem use the disable task menu to insure that the
	printer is not active.
