#ident	"@(#)oamintf:softwaremgmt/check/Help	1.2.1.1"

ABSTRACT:
	This task checks the accuracy of software packages which are either
	installed on the system or spooled on a device.

installed:ABSTRACT:
	This task checks software packages which are currently installed on the
	system.

original:ABSTRACT:
	This task checks software packages which are currently installed on the
	system by comparing them against information contained on the original
	media from which they were installed.

spooled:ABSTRACT:
	This task checks software packages which are spooled in a directory
	or on a device.

locspool: Selecting Spooled Package Location
	Enter the device on which the software to be checked resides
	(e.g., "diskette1" or "9track1"), or enter the pathname to a
	directory where the software is spooled.  To indicate the default 
	spool directory, enter "spool".

locorig: Selecting Original Package Location
	Enter the device on which the package to be used to check installed
	software resides (e.g., "diskette1" or "9track1"), or enter the 
	pathname to a directory where the package is spooled.  To indicate 
	the default spool directory, enter "spool".

pkgid: Selecting Packages
	The keyword "all" should be used to indicate that all software 
	packages should be checked.  To select a specific set of packages,
	enter a list of package instance identifiers separated by commas
	(e.g., "spell,rfs,dfm").

pathnm: Selecting Pathnames
	The keyword "all" should be used to indicate that all pathnames 
	of the selected packages should be checked.  To select a specific 
	set of pathnames, enter a list of pathnames separated by commas
	(e.g., "/bin/sh,/bin/passwd").  Entries ending with an asterisk 
	(*) may be used to select multiple pathnames (e.g., "/etc/*" will 
	select all pathnames in the /etc directory and any of its 
	subdirectories, but will not select the /etc directory alone.)
	
attr: Checking Attributes
	Checking attributes of pathnames will verify the following:
	    - the pathname currently exists on the system
	    - the pathname is the correct type (file, directory, etc.)
	    - if the pathname in not a linked file, the pathname has 
	      proper permissions, owner and group ids associated with it
	    - if the pathname is a linked file, it is linked to the 
	      appropriate pathname
	    - if the pathname is a device, the pathname has proper major
	      and minor numbers associated with it

cont: Checking Contents
	Checking contents of pathnames will verify the following:
	    - the pathname currently exists on the system
	    - the pathname is the correct type (file, directory, etc.)
	    - if the pathname is a regular file, the file is correct in
	      size, the checksum of the contents is correct and the file
	      modification time has not changed

hidden: Hidden Files
	A hidden file is one which has been installed in a directory which
	was labeled "exclusive" by a means other than package installation.
	Choosing to check for hidden files will cause these files to be
	identified. 

fix: Correcting Problems
	Certain problems with pathnames may be fixed by using this option:
	    - nonexistent directories, pipes, and special devices will
	      be created
	    - incorrect permissions, owner or group will be corrected
	    - incorrect major/minor numbers will be corrected
	    - if the file should represent a link but instead is currently
	      a regular file, the file will be removed and the link will
	      be established
	    - if the option to look for hidden files is employed, any
	      hidden file detected will be removed

volatile: Volatile Files
	Certain files on the system are expected to change over time due
	to system activity or modification by an administrator.  These 
	files are identified by packages as "volatile" to indicate the
	expected content changes.  Since their contents are expected to
	change, attempting content verification on these files produces
	errors which are expected.  To suppress these errors, enter "no"
	in this field.

verbose: Verbose Display Option
	Normally only errors are displayed during this task.  This option
	causes each pathname to be displayed as it is being validated.
