#ident	"@(#)bkrs:bkintf.d/backups/backup/Help	1.3.3.1"

ABSTRACT: Backup
	The "backup" task allows you to start a backup job based on a
	particular backup register table.  The backup normally performs all
	backup operations for the current week and day in the rotation
	period.  You can, however, modify this behavior by specifying other
	week/day combinations for which this backup will be run.  The
	week/day combinations select which backup register entries the
	backup will execute.  You may also change other characteristics of
	the backup job by filling in the other fields on the backup task
	form.
	
	NOTE: If you choose to run the backup in interactive mode, the
	screen will clear and you will be put into scrolling mode in order
	to respond to the prompts from the backup command.  When the
	backups have completed you will be prompted to press <RETURN> to
	return to the screen-based mode.

TITLE: Backup

F1:
	"Table:"  Enter the name of an existing backup register table.  The
	backup job started will execute backup operations specified in this
	table.

F2:
	"Type:"  Enter the type of backup you want to execute: background
	(default mode), or interactive. Background mode backups execute
	in the background and send mail to you when a backup operation
	requires operator intervention (such as mounting a volume on a
	device).  Interactive mode assumes that an operator is sitting
	at this terminal waiting for messages indicating that some backup
	operation needs operator intervention.  This mode will tie up your
	terminal until the backup job has completed.   If you choose to run
	the backup in interactive mode, the screen will clear and you will be
	put into scrolling mode in order to respond to the prompts from the
	backup command.  When the backups have completed, you will be
	prompted to press <RETURN> to return to the screen-based mode.

F3:
	"Object name:"  Enter the name of the object you want to back up or
	the keyword "all" to have all objects which are scheduled backed up.
	An object is a file system mount point or device special file.

F4:
	"Week(s):"  Enter a list of week ranges specifying for which weeks in
	the rotation period this backup job will be performed or enter the
	keyword "demand" to perform all backup operations in the register
	that are demand backups or enter "current week" to do the backups for
	this week.

F5:
	"Day(s):"  Enter a list of day ranges specifying for which days in
	the week this backup job will be performed or enter the keyword
	"today" to do backups scheduled for today.

F6:
	"Notify:"  Enter "yes" if you want to be notified by mail when this
	backup job completes.  Enter "no" if you prefer not to be notified.

F7:
	"Display:"  Enter "yes" if you want to display the backup operations
	that would be executed but you do NOT want them to execute at this
	time.  This option is useful to verify that a new or modified backup
	register table is valid or to verify that the operations you think
	will be executed are the same ones that the backup job will execute.

F8:
	"Estimate volumes:"  Enter "yes" if you want this backup job to
	estimate the number of volumes that will be required to contain the
	archive for each backup operation that will be performed.

F9:
	"Trace mode:"  This field only appears for interactive mode backups.
	Enter "yes" if you want the names of files to be printed at the
	terminal as they are backed up.  This option only applies to
	file-oriented backup methods (not to data partition, image or full
	disk backups).
