#ident	"@(#)bkrs:rsintf.d/restores/rsoper/Help	1.3.2.1"

ABSTRACT: Respond to Restore Requests
	The "respond" task allows you to service restore requests by
	responding to mail requesting operator assistance to fulfill the
	request.  If there is backup history information available about
	the backups from which the restore will be made, only the
	destination device information is required to effect the restore.
	If more information is required, you will be given the chance to
	fill in more of the form and try the operation again.

TITLE: Respond to Restore Requests

F1:Destination Device Field
	"Destination device:"  Enter the path name to the device you want
	to use to satisfy the restore request.  This must be a device that
	appears in the device table for this machine.  It is where you will
	mount the archive volume from which the object will be restored.

F2:Destination Characteristics Field
	"Destination characteristics:"  Enter a comma-separated list of
	device characteristics if you need to override the characteristics
	for the device listed in the device table.

F3:Destination Volume Labels Field
	"Destination volume labels:"  Enter a list of labels for the
	volumes from which the restore will be done.  These are the
	volumes containing the archive from which the object will be
	restored.

F4:Job id(s) Field
	"Job id(s):"  Enter a list of jobids whose requests you want to
	service with the device and volumes entered in previous fields or
	the keyword "all", if you want the restore service to satisfy as
	many outstanding restore requests as these volumes will satisfy.

F5:Users Field
	"Users:"  Enter a list of users whose requests you want to service
	with the device and volumes entered in previous fields or the
	keyword "all".  The latter means that the restore service will try
	to satisfy requests from any user which the specified volumes and
	device can satisfy.

F6:Method Field
	"Method:"  Enter the method to use to satisfy the restore request.
	Press [CHOICES] for a menu of available methods.  Select the one
	the archive requires (i.e., the method which produced the archive).

F7:Origination Name Field
	"Origination name:"  Enter the name of the originating file system
	or data partition to be restored.  This field is not required.

F8:Origination Device Field
	"Origination device:"  Enter the device name of the originating
	device.  This field is required if the backup history log is not
	available or does not include information about the specified
	archive.

F9:Display Mode Field
	"Display mode:"  Enter "yes" if you want the names of files
	restored to be printed out at your terminal.  Enter "no" if
	you want this task to operate silently.
