#ident	"@(#)bkrs:bkintf.d/backups/bksched/modify/Help	1.2.1.1"

ABSTRACT: Modify Entries in the Backup Schedule
	The "modify" task allows you to select an entry in the backup
	schedule and to modify it.  Press [CHOICES] to display the current
	backup schedule and to decide which line you want to modify.  Press
	[CANCEL] to return to the line number form.  Enter the number of
	the line to be modified and then press [SAVE] to bring up the form
	with the contents of that backup schedule entry.
	
TITLE: Modify Entries in the Backup Schedule

values:
	This form lists the current values for the backup schedule line you
	selected and allows you to modify any or all of them.  Make the
	modifications you want and then press [SAVE] to make the
	modifications permanent or press [CANCEL] to leave the entry as it is
	currently.

modify:F1:
	"Line Number(s):"  Enter the number corresponding to the backup
	schedule line whose contents you want to modify.  Press [CHOICES]
	to list the lines in the backup schedule with their associated
	line numbers.

values:F1:
	"Time:"  Enter the time of day at which the backup command should
	run.  The time is represented by a string of the form hh:mm, where
	hh is 00-23 and mm is 00-59.  For example, to run the backup command
	at 8:15pm, enter "20:15".

values:F2:
	"Days of week:"  Enter a list of weekdays on which this backup is to
	run.  Days are represented by the digits 0 (=Sunday) to 6
	(=Saturday).  You may enter the keyword "all" if this backup command
	is to run every day.

values:F3:
	"Months:"  Enter a list of months (1-12) in which this backup is to
	run.  You may represent ranges of months by month numbers separated
	by a "-".  For example, to run this backup from July through
	December, enter "7-12".  You may enter the keyword "all" to run this
	backup in all months.

values:F4:
	"Table:"  Enter the path to the backup register table this backup is
	to use.  This register must exist when the backup actually runs.  The
	invoked backup command will read this table to determine which backup
	operations are to be run.

values:F5:
	"Mode:"  Enter the mode in which you want the backup to run.  The
	choices are "background" or "automated".  In background mode, you
	will be notified by mail whenever a backup operation requires
	operator intervention.  In automated mode, it is assumed that there
	is no operator available, so any operation that requires operator
	intervention fails.

values:F6:
	"Notify:"  Enter "yes" to receive mail when the backup job has
	completed.  Enter "no" if you do not wish to be notified.
