#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/reports/Help	1.2.2.1"
ABSTRACT:
	[GENERAL]
	The "status" menu gives you tasks for examining various
	aspects of the print service. You can see what print wheels
	and character sets are available, what forms are mounted,
	what printers are active, and what print requests are
	pending.

reports:L1:forms
	You use the "forms" task to get a
	list of all forms you have defined in the print service.
	The report will include an indication of which printers the
	forms are currently mounted on.

reports:L2:printers
	You use the "status" task to get a quick list of the
	printers available, and to check whether they are
	currently printing a request, or are disabled or are
	rejecting requests.
	
	If you want to get a listing of the complete configuration
	of a printer, use the "display" task in the "configure" menu.
	
reports:L3:requests
	Use the "requests" task to get a list of print requests
	currently in the queue. This is a good way to find out the
	IDs needed to cancel, hold, resume, or modify a print
	request. The status listed will show when the print request
	was submitted, how big it is (the number of bytes in the
	files), and whether it is printing.
	
	If you have the IDs of the requests, you can get the status
	on just them. If you don't know the IDs, you can get the
	status on all requests submitted by a particular user or for
	a particular printer or class of printers.

requests:F1:Request-ids:
	[IDs of the print requests ...]
	You are expected to enter a print request ID.
	You can enter a list of
	IDs by separating them with a comma. You
	will be shown the status of the requests you identify,
	including the request IDs, total file sizes (in bytes), when
	submitted, and whether printing.
	
requests:F2:Printers/Classes:
	[Names of printers/classes ...]
	You are expected to enter a printer or class of
	printers.  You can enter a list of
	names by separating them with a comma. You
	will be shown the status of the requests you identify,
	including the request IDs, total file sizes (in bytes), when
	submitted, and whether printing.
	
requests:F3:User names:
	[User names submitting print requests ...]
	You are expected to enter a user (his or
	her login name, not proper name). You can enter a list of
	names by separating them with a comma. You
	will be shown the status of the requests you identify,
	including the request IDs, total file sizes (in bytes), when
	submitted, and whether printing.

reports:L4:wheels
	You use the "wheels" task to get a
	list of print wheels and character sets
	that you have defined on your system. This will
	be a summary report made by examining all the printers for
	which you've defined these. The report will include an
	indication of which printers the print wheels or character 
	sets are currently mounted on.

wheels:F1:Printwheels or Character sets:
	[Printwheels or Character sets...]
	You are expected to enter a list of print wheels or 
	character sets that you have defined on your system. 

stforms:F1:Forms
	[Forms...]
	You are expected to enter a list of forms that you
	have defined on your system. 

stprinters:F1:Printers
	[Printers...]
	You are expected to enter a list of printers that you
	have defined on your system. 
