#ident	"@(#)oamintf:softwaremgmt/defaults/Help	1.3"

ABSTRACT:
	This task allows you to create, modify, list and remove files
	which control installation defaults.

add:ABSTRACT:
	This menu item allows you to create installation defaults files
	on the system to help administer the installation and removal
	process.

list:ABSTRACT:
	This menu item allows you to display installation defaults files
	on the system to view current installation and removal process
	administration.

modify:ABSTRACT:
	This menu item allows you to modify installation defaults files
	on the system to change administration of the installation and 
	removal process.

remove:ABSTRACT:
	This menu item allows you to remove installation defaults files
	from the system.

add-file: Installation Defaults Filename
	Enter the filename for the installation defaults file that
	you are creating.  It is a good idea to choose a name which
	can be used to describe how this administration file is to
	be used, e.g. "compctr" could be used as the filename for 
	installing packages received from the local computer center.

list-file: Installation Defaults Filename
	Enter the filename for the installation defaults file that
	you want to display.

mod-file: Installation Defaults Filename
	Enter the filename for the installation defaults file that
	you want to modify.

remove-file: Installation Defaults Filename
	Enter the filename for the installation defaults file that
	you want to remove.

basedir: Default Base Directory
	Certain packages are relocatable, i.e. their pathnames may be
	placed in a user-specified directory.  A default for this base
	directory is specified by the package, and you may choose to
	always accept this by entering "default" in this field.  If
	you wish to be prompted during installation for this directory
	enter "ask".  Otherwise, enter a specific directory where all 
	relocatable packages will be located (e.g., if the directory 
	"/opt/$PKGINST" is specified, each package will be given its 
	own directory under /opt.)

mail: List of Users to Notify
	If the installation or removal of a package begins modifying the
	system, notification of the success or failure of the operation
	is mailed to the users listed in this field.

runlevel: Run Level
	If the current machine state (i.e., "run level"), does not meet
	the specification provided by the package being installed or
	removed, entering "quit" in this field will terminate package 
	installation or removal.  Using a value of "nocheck" will preclude 
	the check for run level from being attempted, while "ask" forces 
	the installation or removal service to prompt for a disposition 
	to this problem should it be encountered.

conflict: File Conflicts
	If files are encountered during installation which are already
	installed on the system and are used by another package, then
	entering "quit" in this field will terminate package installation.
	Using a value of "nocheck" will disable conflict checking, while
	"nochange" causes the package to be installed without the files
	that are conflicting.  The keyword "ask" forces the installation 
	service to prompt for a disposition to this problem if it is
	encountered.

setuid: Setuid Files
	If files are encountered during installation which are intended
	to be setuid processes on the system, then entering "quit" in this 
	field will terminate package installation.  Using a value of 
	"nocheck" disables this setuid check, while "nochange" causes the
	package to be installed without the setuid files.  The keyword
	"ask" forces the installation service to prompt for a disposition 
	to this problem if it is encountered.

security: Security Impacting Scripts
	If the package being installed or removed contains scripts which
	will execute with superuser privileges, then entering "quit" in this 
	field will terminate package installation or removal.  Using a value
	of "nocheck" disables this check, while "ask" forces the service 
	to prompt for a disposition to this problem if it is encountered.

idepend: Installation Dependencies
	If the package being installed contains dependencies on other 
	packages which are not met, then entering "quit" in this field 
	will terminate package installation.  Using a value of "nocheck" 
	disables this check, while "ask" forces the service to prompt for
	a disposition to this problem if it is encountered.

rdepend: Removal Dependencies
	If the packages currently installed on the system contain a 
	dependency on the package which is being removed, then entering 
	"quit" in this field will terminate package removal.  Using 
	a value of "nocheck" disables this check, while "ask" forces the 
	service to prompt for a disposition to this problem if it is 
	encountered.

space: Space Checking
	If the installation service determines there is inadequate space
	to install a package, entering "quit" in this field will terminate 
	package installation.  Using a value of "nocheck" disables the 
	space check, while "ask" forces the service to prompt for a 
	disposition to this problem if it is encountered.

partial: Partial Installations
	If the installation service determines that the package being 
	overwritten or removed is already partially installed, entering 
	"quit" in this field will terminate package installation or 
	removal.  Using a value of "nocheck" disables the check, while
	"ask" forces the service to prompt for a disposition to this 
	problem if it is encountered.

instance: Multiple Instances
	If the installation service determines an instance of the package
	being installed already exists on the system, entering "quit" in 
	this field will terminate package installation.  Using a value of
	"overwrite" will cause a package which is the same architecture to
	be overwritten with the package being installed.  Entering "unique" 
	in this field instructs the installation service to attempt to 
	install the package by creating another package instance.
