#ident	"@(#)lp.admin:printers/forms/Help	1.3.2.1"
ABSTRACT: Manage Pre-Printed Forms
	[GENERAL]
	The "forms" menu gives you several tasks: for adding new
	preprinted forms to the print service; for changing form
	definitions; for mounting forms on printers; for adjusting
	the alerting schedule for unmounted forms; and for examining
	the forms recognized by the print service.
	
	Preprinted forms, by the way, include the various kinds of
	paper stock you may want to use in your printers. The Line 
	Printer Service lets you define enough of the form so that the
	print service can prescreen users' requests, route users'
	print requests to the proper destination, caution against
	using a form with the wrong printer, and remind you that it
	is time to mount a new form.
	
menu:L1:add
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "add" task to add a new
	preprinted form to the Line Printer Service. A preprinted
	form is the special paper you want to print on such as blank
	checks, blank vouchers, labels, company letter-head, etc.
	By telling the Line Printer Service a few details about the
	forms you'll be using, the service will keep track of them
	and will: alert you when a form needs to be mounted, verify
	that a printer can handle a form, and initialize a printer
	to print correctly on the form.

add:F1:New Form:
	[Name of new form:]
	You are expected to enter the name of the new form. You
	should choose any name that makes sense to you and will be
	understood by your users, as long as you limit it to 14
	characters or less, and use only letters, digits, and
	underscores. You must name every form you add to the print
	service.

add:F2:Model Form:
	[Name of existing form:]
	You are expected to enter the name of an existing form
	that you want to use  as a model for your new form.  If you
	specify a model form, the page length, page width and other
	configurations will be used to define your new form.

mod2:F1:Page length:
	[Page length:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the length of the page on which
	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
	either letter means the value is the number of lines.
	
mod2:F2:Page width:
	[Page width:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the width of the page on which
	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
	either letter means the value is the number of columns.
	
mod2:F3:Line Pitch:
	[Lines Per Inch:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the line spacing (line pitch) to
	be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would scale the
	number to lines per inch, a trailing "c" would scale it to
	lines per centimeter; leaving out either letter also scales
	it to lines per inch.
	
mod2:F4:Character Pitch:
	[Characters Per Inch:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the column spacing (character
	pitch) to be used to print your files. A trailing "i" would
	scale the number to columns per inch, a trailing "c" would
	scale it to columns per centimeter; leaving out either
	letter also scales it to columns per inch.
	
mod2:F5:"Number of pages:" 
	[Number of pages in the form:]
	You are expected to enter a single number that gives the
	length of the form in pages. This information is only used
	to truncate alignment patterns to fit on a single form.
	
mod2:F6:Character set choice: 
	[Character set to use with the form:]
	If a particular character set, print wheel, or font
	cartridge should be used when printing files on this form,
	enter its name here. You define the ones available when you
	add printers. This name will be used to automatically
	select a character set when the form is used on a printer
	that has selectable character sets, or will be used in a
	message to you when the Line Printer Service reminds you to
	mount the form.
	
	If you leave this field blank, it will be assumed that any font may be
	used with this form.
	
mod2:F7:mandatory/optional?
	[Mandatory or optional character set:]
	If you enter "mandatory" the character set you named in
	the previous field will be required when the form is used.
	Otherwise, enter "optional" and the character set will be
	recommended only. The difference is that if the set is
	mandatory, a user cannot override the choice; if it is not
	mandatory, the character set named will be used by default,
	but a user can pick a different one to print his or her
	files.
	
mod2:F8:Ribbon color: 
	[Ribbon color to use with the form:]
	You should enter the color of ribbon that should be used
	when printing on this form. This is informational only; it
	will be shown when you are reminded to mount a form. Please
	limit the name of the color to 14 letters, digits, and
	underscores.
	
mod2:F9:Comment:
	[Enter a one-line description of this form for your users:]
	You are expected to enter a single line of text that will be
	displayed to people whenever they ask for a description of
	the form. It's a good idea to keep it short so that it will
	fit across the screen.
	
mod2:F10:Alignment pattern file:
	[Enter the name of a file containing an alignment pattern:]
	You are expected to enter the name of a file that contains a
	sample print-out that can be used to help you align the form
	in a printer. When you mount the form later, you can ask to
	get this file printed repeatedly, with a pause between
	forms, so that you can adjust the printer until the print-
	out looks correct on the form.
	
	WARNING
	The file you give will be printed as an alignment pattern EXACTLY as it
	looks now. You should prepare the file so that no sensitive data is shown.
	A copy of the file will be stored safely on disk so no other user can see
	it, but sensitive data or real data that is printed as an alignment pattern
	may be a problem.
	
	Just leave this field blank if you don't want an alignment pattern.
	
mod2:F11:Alignment content-type:
	[What type of file is this?:]
	So that the alignment pattern in the file you just gave can
	be properly printed, you should enter its type. The type
	name you give will be used to ensure that the alignment
	pattern will be reproduced correctly on the printer where
	the form is mounted. The Line Printer Service will use a filter
	to do this if necessary and one is available.
	
	Your choice of type here should conform to the type of
	printer, types of files acceptable by the printers, or types
	acceptable to the filters, that you have on your system.
	
mod2:F12:Alert Command:
	[Enter a command to run to alert you when the form needs mounting:]
	You are expected to enter: the word "mail" if you want a
	message mailed to you when the form needs to be mounted; the
	word "write" if you want the message sent to whatever
	terminal you are logged in to; or leave this field blank if you
	don't want to be reminded. You can also give a shell
	command if you want to be reminded but not by mail or a
	written message, or if you want someone else notified.
	
	For instance, if you want a message written to the user
	"pat" enter the following:
	
	write pat
	
mod2:F13:Number of Requests:
	[How many print requests should be waiting before you are alerted?:]
	You are expected to enter a single number that gives the
	size the queue for this form should reach before you are
	reminded to mount the form. Enter a "1" if you want to be
	reminded as soon as someone submits a print request for this
	form.
	

mod2:F14:Frequency of alerts in minutes:
	[How frequently should you be alerted?:]
	You are expected to enter the number of minutes that should
	elapse between repeated reminders. To keep you informed
	that a form still needs to be mounted, the Line Printer Service
	will keep issuing reminders until the form is mounted (or
	enough print requests needing the form have been canceled or
	changed to use a different form). Entering ONCE will mean you
	want to reminded just once.
	
mod2:F15:Users denied:
	[List the users who are denied access to this form:]
	You are expected to list the users who are NOT allowed to
	use this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users,
	not their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
	
	If it is easier to specify access
	restrictions by listing just those who ARE allowed to use
	the form, leave this field blank and fill in the next.
	
	You can deny EVERYBODY by entering the word "all."
	
mod2:F16:Users allowed:
	[List the only users who are allowed access to this form:]
	You are expected to list the users who ARE allowed to use
	this form. Please give the login names or user-ID's of the users, not
	their proper names. Separate several names with commas.
	
	You can allow EVERYBODY by entering the word "all."


menu:L2:list
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "list" task to see
	the definitions of one or more forms. You can examine a
	particular form, or can see all the forms on the system.

list:F1:"Forms:"
	[Enter form names:]
	You are expected to enter the name of the form you'd like to
	examine. You can enter the names of several forms by separating the
	names with commas.
	
menu:L3:modify
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "modify" task to modify the definition of a
	form. The same information you gave when you added the form
	will provide the defaults for each item you are asked to
	respecify, so you can quickly step through the definition to
	find the item you want to modify.

modify:F1:"Forms:"
	[Name of form:]
	You are expected to enter the name of the form you want to
	modify. If you don't know the name, press CHOICES for a
	list of known forms.
	
modify:F1:"Forms:"
	[Page length:]
	You are expected to enter a number, possibly followed by a
	"i" or "c", that specifies the length of the page on which
	to print. A trailing "i" would scale the number to inches,
	a trailing "c" would scale it to centimeters; leaving out
	either letter means the value is the number of lines.

menu:L4:remove
	[GENERAL]
	You use the "remove" task to remove a form from the print
	service. No more print requests will be accepted for it
	and the form definition will be destroyed. Any print
	requests currently queued to print on this form will be
	CANCELED.

remove:F1:Forms:
	[Enter the names of the forms to remove:]
	You are expected to enter the name of the form you want to
	remove. You can give a list of forms to remove by
	separating the names with commas. If you don't
	know a form name, press CHOICES, to get a list of known forms.
	
	NOTE
	If any print requests are currently queued to print on the form(s), 
	you will not be able to remove them.
